xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 23 rd
the fenglingdu economic development zone is the only one within the borders of china built on the basis of a small town . it is also a new channel for shanxi , an inland province , to contact the outside world .
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 23 rd , by reporter wen chao
today , the maximum computing speed of the ' dawn 1000 ' computer we developed ourselves has already reached 2.5 billion operations per second , exceeding the speed of the computer sold to us by cray inc . "
this reporter learned from the foreign friendship association exchange conference in some chinese provinces and cities , which was held in hunan recently , that china already has about 200 cities that have established more than 800 pairs of foreign friendship cities with more than 500 cities in over 80 countries of the world .
( end )
some scientists from chaozhou that live in the us silicon valley have expressed their desire to come establish new high level technology industries in the zone . the president of motorola ( china ) , and some people from ericsson also came to the development zone to negotiate project investment , while firms from taiwan said that they would establish scientific and technological and software development companies in the zone .
xinhua news agency , lanzhou , december 22 nd , by reporters zunjing shen and zhiping sun
the latest news from the ministry of foreign economy and trade says that , up through the end of november of this year , china approved establishing a total of the 302,464 foreign investment enterprises .
work such as clearing up overdue taxes and tax revenue return , export tax rebates , deductions on taxes imposed on beginning inventories , etc. should be closely integrated .
all across the province , throughout the year , 916,000 people solved the problem of dressing warmly and having enough food .
after inspections , demonstrations and under the development zone 's uniform planning , proprietors from home and abroad choose their won projects , bring their own capital and sources of goods , manage their own business , and assume responsibility for profits and losses . china 's first port with proprietors as the main investment bodies will rise from here .
( end )
with the breaking of the ' iron rice bowl ' , quite a number of chinese are willing to seek job opportunities in foreign invested enterprises providing higher salaries .
finland customs estimated that , the financial crisis in southeast asia may weaken finland 's exports to this region , in particular , the export of electromechanical products would be impacted .
( end )
two convenience supermarkets named " bei shun " started operation here today .
since being prospecting and explored in 1954 , more than 15.5 million tons of crude oil have been produced , and almost 8 million tons of crude oil have been processed .
under these circumstances , using scientific methods to implement trade statistics is important , and continued use of traditional trade income and expense balance methods to gauge the trade relations between countries is already diverging from reality .
this project was jointly funded by the uk royal sun united insurance group company and the us lincoln citizen's group company , and was held specifically by the us yong dao accounting firm . the total investment amount is 1.4 million us dollars .
according to what the guangxi zhuang autonomous region 's department of transportation has revealed , up to now , guangxi has made use of a total amount of 150 million us dollars loaned from the world bank , the asian bank and countries such as holland , korea , etc. , to construct a water transportation traffic infrastructure .
methods of calculating export trade according to current original production sites , make it obviously difficult to accurately reflect general trends in changes in world economic development . it could even distort the balance of trade situation among countries .
on this foundation , it is forecasted that this year , the goals of the economy maintaining growth of 8 % , and controlling the retail price index to below 6.1 % , can be completely achieved ; in the coming few years , china can still maintain an economic growth rate of 8 % to 9 % and a retail price increase rate of below 6 % .
( end )
in the first quarter of this year , the number of science and technology consulting enterprises in guangzhou has reached 534 , more than double of that of the same period of the previous year .
french foreign minister juppe reiterated at a meeting held in paris on the 1 st for france diplomatic envoys that , france supported the resolution of the un regarding the haitian issue , but had no intention to participate in potential military intervention performed in haiti .
both sides expressed satisfaction over the friendly co @-@ operation between the two militaries over the past 30 @-@ odd years .
xinhua news agency , london , august 31 st , by reporter wenhao li
speaking of the reason for the decrease in the volume of trade between china and russia so far this year , zemin jiang said that " we have noticed that compared to the same period last year , there is a drop in the volume of trade between the two countries , china and russia , in the first half of this year .
chinese scientists have successively discovered ten archaeopteryx @-@ type fossils in the beipiao region of liaoxi this year .
he firmly believed that the two countries , canada and china , can become very good co @-@ operation partners .
the author starts the discussion from september of that year with israel 's signing the declaration of principles of palestinian autonomy with the palestine liberation organization , and looks back at the complex struggles of the middle east over the past several hundred years , especially the most recent half century . he expresses his views on building a new middle east in the future .
we express our deepest condolences over his death .
akayev said that the trend of economic and trade co @-@ operation between both countries is very good and that china has currently become an important trade partner with kyrgyzstan . kyrgyzstan hopes to elevate economic and trade relations between both countries to a new level , and welcomes chinese enterprises to come to kyrgyzstan to invest .
( end )
aixing dan , director of the international co @-@ operation department of the electric power industry ministry , on this matter , expressed to xinhua news agency reporters today that if this power plant is successful , it will be a model for similar plants to be built along coastal regions .
signed here this morning were the two projects , knowledge information network communication technology and dna bio @-@ technology . at the same time , a co @-@ operation agreement on language teaching exchange was also signed .
after the talks were over , the two parties signed the summary of the talks .
peng li said the population problem was one of the major problems currently faced by the international community .
xinhua news agency , nanjing , april 23 rd , by reporter futian yang
an important measure was implemented today in shanghai where china will crash train transnational management high level managerial talent , namely , practical management advanced training and discussion classes for transnational enterprises in china . the opening ceremony was officially held today at the shanghai international finance institute .
he also announced that casymier auye muba , premier of the gabon republic , would pay a formal , friendly visit to china from september 6 th to the 11 th at the invitation of peng li , premier of the state council .
today , there were a total finals in 5 events , the men 's floor exercise , the pommel horse , the rings , the women 's vault and the uneven bars individual singles competition .
moreover , the twelfth seed of women 's singles , german player harker was also ousted in the first round . the sixteenth seed of men 's singles , czech player kodak exited before the match because of injury .
in the script " mongolian handicapped athletes prepare for the far south sports meet " broadcast today , the " sports association chairman lahagewasu " at the end of paragraph three should be changed to " sports association chairman lahagewasulen " .
the most important thing about disney is that it is a global brand .
or hop onto a trolley with over a century of history , and feel the city 's blend of the old and the modern in slow motion .
hong kong is a busy metropolis .
er , the wetland park exploration center .
our disneyland will open in september of this year .
with this new hong kong @-@ zhuhai @-@ macao bridge that basically leads to all three places , hong kong , macao , and zhuhai ,
please watch this edition of hot topic analysis for a detailed report .
so , it was amidst such a grave international and domestic situation that the eighth route army led by the chinese communist party , ah , launched , ah , a strategic offensive called the hundred regiments offensive .
after this was taken care of , four blockhouses were blown up .
they mobilized and organized the masses and won over the railway staff , making great effort to destroy the railroad , the stations , and related facilities by means including dismantlement , explosion , fire , and water .
do you know lice ? they bite . how do you scald them ?
on august 17 , taiwan 's investigation department and police solved the case and announced the % pw march 19 shooting case was closed . this case will not be prosecuted .
first , let 's listen to the views of the two experts in the beijing studio . mr. zhu .
well , in the beginning when it wanted to get rough with tvbs , it was not targeting this television station alone . rather , it wanted to see if its attacks on one tv station could deter others , have a chilling effect , and intimidate all tv stations into discontinuing their corruption scandal probes .
uh @-@ huh .
first , i need to clarify here , ah , that we , the legislative yuan , ah , especially this current legislative yuan that mainly consists of the opposition parties , the kmt and the pfp ,
ah , we think that , ah , right now , the dpp side , they have , how should i put it , showed their bad side , ah .
well , these cases are actually like what ms. li mentioned earlier , the dpp originally had an image , an image as an honest and upright group , a group of reformers .
so , in the past , there was a very unique situation with chen shui @-@ bian during elections . everybody wanted to stand close to him and tried hard to take pictures with him , showing that they belonged to ah @-@ bian 's clique and were strongly promoted by ah @-@ bian . in the election this year , everyone has vanished .
hello , jinzhe .
well , that is , in fact , we should say the international community was greatly shocked by this victory of hamas .
why , in the end , did some voters , who were originally likely to stand by fatah , eventually side with hamas ?
on january 9 , 2005 , abbas was elected the president of the new national authority and decided to hold the second election of the legislative council .
ah , eh , such panic , ah , has already surfaced regarding all sides in israel .
speaking about whether hamas has changed or not , we also have two contemporaneous clips here . let 's hear them and then analyze their points of views .
we can still make a specific analysis on specific issues .
well , prior to this , the us opinion , its open opinion , is that it would absolutely not tolerate , what should i say , that is , that is to say , hey , a government participated in by hamas which advocates terrorism .
all right , let 's now take a look at the city weather forecasts .
bush sr . also said that though he did not like people to criticize his son , this is also one of the responsibilities a president must take .
ah , this way , they can move out of this place .
he said this is a very important visit . in addition to their discussion on high @-@ level strategic issues , the two sides also exchanged their views on the further development of bilateral relations between china and britain .
the girl 's mother is japanese and her father is indonesian .
after returning to taiwan , the zoo authorities will make an official request to taiwan 's mainland affairs council in early october for raising the pandas .
paul tang , director of the social welfare department , said on a tv program tuesday that studies are being carried out to see if it is necessary to formulate a separate set of laws concerning domestic violence . yet the current issue to be considered is its effectiveness .
in another development , the central bank in thailand will hold a meeting on wednesday .
the un summit will be held in new york from september 14 @-@ 16 .
well , at the invitation of canadian governor general clarkson and mexican president fox , state president hu jintao departed beijing by plane this morning for a state visit to canada and mexico .
okay , thanks , lu qiu luwei , for your report from canada .
well , also , what impact will it have on the development of sino @-@ japanese relations ?
it was preliminarily determined that the munitions depot explosion at matsu was an accident caused by the spoiled gunpowder .
taiwan media reported on the 8 th .
well , this afternoon , several departments of the hksar government jointly announced the opening arrangements of the park and stressed that the government is capable of handling a large flow of people .
i think this trade , er , textile agreement reached by china and the eu exactly reflected this spirit . we are happy about that .
the mid @-@ autumn festival is a chinese tradition .
currently with the continuously deepening sino @-@ us exchanges , the conflicts and disputes are also increasing , and both sides have realized the importance of resolving the problems .
this is the case with the progress of today 's talks .
this will be the first time the us space shuttle undergoes maintenance in space .
the staff members told the reporter that on june 26 , 2002 , they began the second round of repair to the potala palace .
the potala palace and norbu lingka are the world cultural heritage sites .
at noon on the 2 nd , the streets of shanghai are under the scorching sun .
well , kim kye @-@ gwan , the north korean delegation head , he has remained in the diaoyutai today to participate in various negotiations and contacts .
during the course of the discussion , both sides think that it requires north korea , south korea and the united states to sit together to conduct sincere negotiations .
oh , it 's like this . the newly appointed us ambassador to the united nations ambassador john bolton , on august 2 , on august 2 , the first day in the office , made a special trip to the residence of the permanent mission of china to the united nations and met with ambassador wang guangya .
however , before hill barely finished his words , other nasa officials said that outside the porthole of the captain 's cockpit of the space shuttle discovery , a piece of insulation materials was found loose . the astronauts may need to conduct another space repair .
uh , at the construction site , to ensure the framing construction quality and make it perfectly safe .
