xinhua news agency , hong kong , february 23 rd
the fenglingdu economic development zone is the only one within the borders of china built on the basis of a small town . it is also a new channel for shanxi , an inland province , to contact the outside world .
xinhua news agency , beijing , march 23 rd , by reporter wen chao
today , the maximum computing speed of the ' dawn 1000 ' computer we developed ourselves has already reached 2.5 billion operations per second , exceeding the speed of the computer sold to us by cray inc . "
this reporter learned from the foreign friendship association exchange conference in some chinese provinces and cities , which was held in hunan recently , that china already has about 200 cities that have established more than 800 pairs of foreign friendship cities with more than 500 cities in over 80 countries of the world .
( end )
some scientists from chaozhou that live in the us silicon valley have expressed their desire to come establish new high level technology industries in the zone . the president of motorola ( china ) , and some people from ericsson also came to the development zone to negotiate project investment , while firms from taiwan said that they would establish scientific and technological and software development companies in the zone .
xinhua news agency , lanzhou , december 22 nd , by reporters zunjing shen and zhiping sun
the latest news from the ministry of foreign economy and trade says that , up through the end of november of this year , china approved establishing a total of the 302,464 foreign investment enterprises .
work such as clearing up overdue taxes and tax revenue return , export tax rebates , deductions on taxes imposed on beginning inventories , etc. should be closely integrated .
all across the province , throughout the year , 916,000 people solved the problem of dressing warmly and having enough food .
after inspections , demonstrations and under the development zone 's uniform planning , proprietors from home and abroad choose their won projects , bring their own capital and sources of goods , manage their own business , and assume responsibility for profits and losses . china 's first port with proprietors as the main investment bodies will rise from here .
( end )
with the breaking of the ' iron rice bowl ' , quite a number of chinese are willing to seek job opportunities in foreign invested enterprises providing higher salaries .
finland customs estimated that , the financial crisis in southeast asia may weaken finland 's exports to this region , in particular , the export of electromechanical products would be impacted .
( end )
two convenience supermarkets named " bei shun " started operation here today .
since being prospecting and explored in 1954 , more than 15.5 million tons of crude oil have been produced , and almost 8 million tons of crude oil have been processed .
under these circumstances , using scientific methods to implement trade statistics is important , and continued use of traditional trade income and expense balance methods to gauge the trade relations between countries is already diverging from reality .
this project was jointly funded by the uk royal sun united insurance group company and the us lincoln citizen's group company , and was held specifically by the us yong dao accounting firm . the total investment amount is 1.4 million us dollars .
according to what the guangxi zhuang autonomous region 's department of transportation has revealed , up to now , guangxi has made use of a total amount of 150 million us dollars loaned from the world bank , the asian bank and countries such as holland , korea , etc. , to construct a water transportation traffic infrastructure .
methods of calculating export trade according to current original production sites , make it obviously difficult to accurately reflect general trends in changes in world economic development . it could even distort the balance of trade situation among countries .
on this foundation , it is forecasted that this year , the goals of the economy maintaining growth of 8 % , and controlling the retail price index to below 6.1 % , can be completely achieved ; in the coming few years , china can still maintain an economic growth rate of 8 % to 9 % and a retail price increase rate of below 6 % .
( end )
in the first quarter of this year , the number of science and technology consulting enterprises in guangzhou has reached 534 , more than double of that of the same period of the previous year .
french foreign minister juppe reiterated at a meeting held in paris on the 1 st for france diplomatic envoys that , france supported the resolution of the un regarding the haitian issue , but had no intention to participate in potential military intervention performed in haiti .
both sides expressed satisfaction over the friendly co @-@ operation between the two militaries over the past 30 @-@ odd years .
xinhua news agency , london , august 31 st , by reporter wenhao li
speaking of the reason for the decrease in the volume of trade between china and russia so far this year , zemin jiang said that " we have noticed that compared to the same period last year , there is a drop in the volume of trade between the two countries , china and russia , in the first half of this year .
chinese scientists have successively discovered ten archaeopteryx @-@ type fossils in the beipiao region of liaoxi this year .
he firmly believed that the two countries , canada and china , can become very good co @-@ operation partners .
the author starts the discussion from september of that year with israel 's signing the declaration of principles of palestinian autonomy with the palestine liberation organization , and looks back at the complex struggles of the middle east over the past several hundred years , especially the most recent half century . he expresses his views on building a new middle east in the future .
we express our deepest condolences over his death .
akayev said that the trend of economic and trade co @-@ operation between both countries is very good and that china has currently become an important trade partner with kyrgyzstan . kyrgyzstan hopes to elevate economic and trade relations between both countries to a new level , and welcomes chinese enterprises to come to kyrgyzstan to invest .
( end )
aixing dan , director of the international co @-@ operation department of the electric power industry ministry , on this matter , expressed to xinhua news agency reporters today that if this power plant is successful , it will be a model for similar plants to be built along coastal regions .
signed here this morning were the two projects , knowledge information network communication technology and dna bio @-@ technology . at the same time , a co @-@ operation agreement on language teaching exchange was also signed .
after the talks were over , the two parties signed the summary of the talks .
peng li said the population problem was one of the major problems currently faced by the international community .
xinhua news agency , nanjing , april 23 rd , by reporter futian yang
an important measure was implemented today in shanghai where china will crash train transnational management high level managerial talent , namely , practical management advanced training and discussion classes for transnational enterprises in china . the opening ceremony was officially held today at the shanghai international finance institute .
he also announced that casymier auye muba , premier of the gabon republic , would pay a formal , friendly visit to china from september 6 th to the 11 th at the invitation of peng li , premier of the state council .
today , there were a total finals in 5 events , the men 's floor exercise , the pommel horse , the rings , the women 's vault and the uneven bars individual singles competition .
moreover , the twelfth seed of women 's singles , german player harker was also ousted in the first round . the sixteenth seed of men 's singles , czech player kodak exited before the match because of injury .
in the script " mongolian handicapped athletes prepare for the far south sports meet " broadcast today , the " sports association chairman lahagewasu " at the end of paragraph three should be changed to " sports association chairman lahagewasulen " .
the most important thing about disney is that it is a global brand .
or hop onto a trolley with over a century of history , and feel the city 's blend of the old and the modern in slow motion .
hong kong is a busy metropolis .
er , the wetland park exploration center .
our disneyland will open in september of this year .
with this new hong kong @-@ zhuhai @-@ macao bridge that basically leads to all three places , hong kong , macao , and zhuhai ,
please watch this edition of hot topic analysis for a detailed report .
so , it was amidst such a grave international and domestic situation that the eighth route army led by the chinese communist party , ah , launched , ah , a strategic offensive called the hundred regiments offensive .
after this was taken care of , four blockhouses were blown up .
they mobilized and organized the masses and won over the railway staff , making great effort to destroy the railroad , the stations , and related facilities by means including dismantlement , explosion , fire , and water .
do you know lice ? they bite . how do you scald them ?
on august 17 , taiwan 's investigation department and police solved the case and announced the % pw march 19 shooting case was closed . this case will not be prosecuted .
first , let 's listen to the views of the two experts in the beijing studio . mr. zhu .
well , in the beginning when it wanted to get rough with tvbs , it was not targeting this television station alone . rather , it wanted to see if its attacks on one tv station could deter others , have a chilling effect , and intimidate all tv stations into discontinuing their corruption scandal probes .
uh @-@ huh .
first , i need to clarify here , ah , that we , the legislative yuan , ah , especially this current legislative yuan that mainly consists of the opposition parties , the kmt and the pfp ,
ah , we think that , ah , right now , the dpp side , they have , how should i put it , showed their bad side , ah .
well , these cases are actually like what ms. li mentioned earlier , the dpp originally had an image , an image as an honest and upright group , a group of reformers .
so , in the past , there was a very unique situation with chen shui @-@ bian during elections . everybody wanted to stand close to him and tried hard to take pictures with him , showing that they belonged to ah @-@ bian 's clique and were strongly promoted by ah @-@ bian . in the election this year , everyone has vanished .
hello , jinzhe .
well , that is , in fact , we should say the international community was greatly shocked by this victory of hamas .
why , in the end , did some voters , who were originally likely to stand by fatah , eventually side with hamas ?
on january 9 , 2005 , abbas was elected the president of the new national authority and decided to hold the second election of the legislative council .
ah , eh , such panic , ah , has already surfaced regarding all sides in israel .
speaking about whether hamas has changed or not , we also have two contemporaneous clips here . let 's hear them and then analyze their points of views .
we can still make a specific analysis on specific issues .
well , prior to this , the us opinion , its open opinion , is that it would absolutely not tolerate , what should i say , that is , that is to say , hey , a government participated in by hamas which advocates terrorism .
all right , let 's now take a look at the city weather forecasts .
bush sr . also said that though he did not like people to criticize his son , this is also one of the responsibilities a president must take .
ah , this way , they can move out of this place .
he said this is a very important visit . in addition to their discussion on high @-@ level strategic issues , the two sides also exchanged their views on the further development of bilateral relations between china and britain .
the girl 's mother is japanese and her father is indonesian .
after returning to taiwan , the zoo authorities will make an official request to taiwan 's mainland affairs council in early october for raising the pandas .
paul tang , director of the social welfare department , said on a tv program tuesday that studies are being carried out to see if it is necessary to formulate a separate set of laws concerning domestic violence . yet the current issue to be considered is its effectiveness .
in another development , the central bank in thailand will hold a meeting on wednesday .
the un summit will be held in new york from september 14 @-@ 16 .
well , at the invitation of canadian governor general clarkson and mexican president fox , state president hu jintao departed beijing by plane this morning for a state visit to canada and mexico .
okay , thanks , lu qiu luwei , for your report from canada .
well , also , what impact will it have on the development of sino @-@ japanese relations ?
it was preliminarily determined that the munitions depot explosion at matsu was an accident caused by the spoiled gunpowder .
taiwan media reported on the 8 th .
well , this afternoon , several departments of the hksar government jointly announced the opening arrangements of the park and stressed that the government is capable of handling a large flow of people .
i think this trade , er , textile agreement reached by china and the eu exactly reflected this spirit . we are happy about that .
the mid @-@ autumn festival is a chinese tradition .
currently with the continuously deepening sino @-@ us exchanges , the conflicts and disputes are also increasing , and both sides have realized the importance of resolving the problems .
this is the case with the progress of today 's talks .
this will be the first time the us space shuttle undergoes maintenance in space .
the staff members told the reporter that on june 26 , 2002 , they began the second round of repair to the potala palace .
the potala palace and norbu lingka are the world cultural heritage sites .
at noon on the 2 nd , the streets of shanghai are under the scorching sun .
well , kim kye @-@ gwan , the north korean delegation head , he has remained in the diaoyutai today to participate in various negotiations and contacts .
during the course of the discussion , both sides think that it requires north korea , south korea and the united states to sit together to conduct sincere negotiations .
oh , it 's like this . the newly appointed us ambassador to the united nations ambassador john bolton , on august 2 , on august 2 , the first day in the office , made a special trip to the residence of the permanent mission of china to the united nations and met with ambassador wang guangya .
however , before hill barely finished his words , other nasa officials said that outside the porthole of the captain 's cockpit of the space shuttle discovery , a piece of insulation materials was found loose . the astronauts may need to conduct another space repair .
uh , at the construction site , to ensure the framing construction quality and make it perfectly safe .
on the same day , zambian president mwanawasa said zambia finally decided to hand the july 7 bombing suspect , aswat , to britain after discussing with the british government .
the history and reality have fully proved that the development of sino @-@ north korea friendly and cooperative relations conforms to the fundamental interests of the two countries and two peoples , is conducive to safeguarding peace and stability in the region and promoting regional development and prosperity .
he said that no matter how the international situation may change , north korea will hold the north korea @-@ china friendship from a strategic level .
the mainland tourism review group to taiwan arrived in taipei in the afternoon and immediately started to study a series of tourism resources in taipei city .
the us made the decision after the governments of japan and the united states reached an agreement on the issue of the us military relocation at the futenma air station in okinawa .
jia youlin said that the policy of killing all poultry within three km of the avian flu epidemic site has been carried out very well nationwide , and more thorough in comparison to many countries .
yesterday afternoon hu jintao and cpv general secretary nong duc manh met with chinese and vietnamese youth representatives from the sixth friendship meeting of sino @-@ vietnamese youth at the international conference center in hanoi .
first , strengthen the traditional friendship , strengthen political mutual trust , advance the china and vietnam good @-@ neighborly friendship and comprehensive cooperation relations to a new level of development .
the indian city , margoa , was bright with lights . people were carrying paper figures symbolizing the evil god and walking through the streets .
the grand theatre needs 164 pieces to ensure the safety of the more than 100 pieces on the ceiling . this requires it to be light and thin , and at the same time the material has to be very dense @-@ its surface density .
in the second starting , liu xiang took the longest time to prepare and was the last one to return to the starting point .
the conference first presented awards to the winners of the 2005 national science and technology awards .
five foreign experts won the international scientific and technological cooperation award .
currently , it has been put into production and application in china .
shlomo said sharon is still using a breathing machine but is able to breathe independently . this is a signal that his brain is in a certain state of activity .
currently the reason for the aircraft 's emergency landing is unclear ; the police have sealed off the scene to investigate the cause of the accident .
jason hu said that taichung has made a blueprint ; once taiwan 's council of agriculture approves , they can build a comfortable home for the giant pandas in three or four months .
but the whole contingency measures of the incident are in full compliance with the regulations .
and at the same time , expanding the cooperation among the three countries is beneficial for all the three countries , is conducive to the cooperation of common development , and can help us solve the problems facing us now .
to increase the chances of survival of the people who are buried , the search and rescue personnel pumped oxygen into the rubble and threw water bottles into the cracks . but the stench from the ruins convinced people that the trapped people were ill rather than well .
democratic alliance for the betterment and progress of hong kong ( dab ) , which launched the petition campaign , expressed concern over the japanese government 's action of distorting history textbooks and such , but thinks that ( they ) should use a peaceful way to protest .
the world chocolate master tournament in the belgium region has started .
on thursday , the us house of representatives ' foreign relations and military affairs committees also conducted joint hearings on the eu 's consideration of the issue of rescinding the weapons embargo against china .
the new prime minister must be a sunni muslim , and after taking office he must quickly set up a new government and prepare for the elections in may .
he anticipates that after the meeting of the g7 finance ministers concludes , the statement released will reaffirm that all countries should switch to a flexible exchange rate system .
recently , the dpp and the taiwan solidarity union , which had been arguing over local election issues , have once again taken a common stand against the kmt 's cross @-@ strait strategy .
re : such thing as recommendation admission for master’s degree south china normal university has recommended three people for admission to master’s degree this year . the one who published the most had 15 articles . how terrifying !
bryant had indeed made some adjustments in certain areas .
in the 2000 @-@ 2001 season , the lakers was overpowering in the postseason games . western teams that played against them were all badly beaten . the lakers only lost one game to the 76ers in the finals . at the end , they won the second consecutive championships with the outstanding record of 15 wins and 1 lost in the postseason games .
there is never any market for china’s technology so it is impossible for china to become independent and innovative .
not only can this emerging industry provide energy like renewable energies such as solar energy , wind energy , and small hydropower , it can also produce a thousand kinds of chemical products like coal and petroleum .
bird that flies
maybe because what buffett operates is not solely his own capital , he needs to report good yearly performance to other shareholders of berkshire hathaway in the annual meeting of the company .
at noon , the workers responsible for turning over the carpets for shernise could not hold up anymore so they took turns to eat . however , shernise had no intention to eat at all .
i knew for sure that shernise would skip her lunch again .
according to their plans , cell phones will have comparable internet service as computers .
tedesco added , “customers embrace new technology when they are confident that what they buy will work together and they won't be stranded .
the forum is hosted by the radio management bureau under the ministry of information industry , organized by the people’s post and telecommunication news and the telecommunications research institute of the ministry of information industry , and co @-@ organized by the china radio magazine , infoex – world services ltd. , and the china information industry net .
at present , europe , america , japan , and korea have all started the use of 3g . moreover , the wcdma and cdma2000 standards have ‘claimed their territories’and each have occupied certain market share .
its customers will experience high data rate of 400 to 700kbps on average with the highest rate at over 1mbps .
gsm continues to be the most popular network technology in these markets .
he plugfest function of the wimax forum provides wimax equipment suppliers and their technicians opportunities to test and interconnect their pre @-@ certified products and equipments before the final testing .
while in this year’s international telecommunications exhibition in beijing , microsoft sent out invitations to its office , windows , and server users , hoping that they would understand windows mobile 5.0 through the telecommunications exhibition .
c & m forum @-@ xi
chongqing university , putian jointly develop 4g cell phone
the initial connection to the international frequency will cost us $30 , us $20 for flights of less than six hours , or us $10 for 60 minutes of access , with each minute thereafter costing 25 cents .
the efforts put into 3gpp and 3gpp2 are to achieve the goal of answering to the threat brought by mobile wimax competitions .
if google’s mountain view wi @-@ fi suggestion originated from its proposal for san francisco , then it is very possible that it will shoulder the installation of a network of transmitters .
c & m forum – xi
alcaltel shanghai bell’s triple play , ngn technology , 3g equipments , and fixed @-@ mobile convergence plans have attracted wide attention .
even though our country’s telecommunications and broadcasting industries are separate , with the changes in technologies with each passing day , industries are quickly developing toward integration and the original industry barriers can no longer be maintained .
on july 18 , 2005 , relevant department of the government installed the first leg for two long @-@ established state @-@ owned enterprises .
“even after wimax matures in the future , it is still not quite possible to replace 3g .
industry figures analyzed that the extent of wimax’s development will mainly depend on the strategies and contests of various interests groups of which operator is one of the important aspects .
zheng xinli , deputy director of the policy research office of the cccpc ; mi jianguo , director of the development research center information center of the state council ; xu qin , director of the department of hi @-@ tech industry of the national development and reform commission ; and wang zhongming , director of the research office of state @-@ owned assets supervision and administration commission attended the meeting and delivered key speeches ,
however , it clearly shows that the messages have been successfully sent in the ‘sent ’box of the cell phone . there are many reasons for this situation , for instance , cell phone glitch or network delay .
the south korean government has allocated 100 mhz of frequency band in the 2.3 ghz frequency for wibro to use . the first phase of wibro standardization was completed in june 2004 . it is expected to provide service at the apec meeting in busan at the end of the year .
anna had not saved the relevant documents and information on her computer . she had to visit the company’s website . however , she could not do that on the plane .
wi @-@ fi and voip : is unity strength ?
the regulatory policy of government departments will directly affect the development of wimax technology .
xiong ying
i think qin hailu had played the role very well and that our collaboration will be quite smooth .
we should emphasize on how to make some good movies to promote the national movie industry ourselves .
since he co @-@ stared in the drama with korean star chaerim , thus many fans were familiar with the song . the atmosphere at the scene was naturally boiling once again . some fans even shouted , “i love you” in chinese .
this , to a large extent , has led to the ‘black @-@ box’operation of some people during enterprise restructuring process and sacrificed the state’s interests and embezzled state @-@ owned assets , thus making equity transaction sector a breeding ground for corruption .
during the " eighth five @-@ year plan " period , all kinds of savings increased by five billion yuan net , compared to at the end of the " seventh five @-@ year plan " period ( 1986 to 1990 ) , an average increase of 27.49 % per annum .
( end )
among the ten pillar industries which are particularly cultivated by changzhou , 7 of the big industries such as the power machinery industry , the auto industry , the engineering machinery industry , the electric transmission and transformation equipment industry , etc. , are all dispersed along the canal .
to complement the bonded area with operations , the ningbo bonded area has taken the lead in china in implementing trial one @-@ stop management and one @-@ time handling of direct , legal enterprise registration .
in order to bring its locational advantage into full play , and to further accelerate opening to the outside world , since the latter half of last year , the hulun buir league has carefully summarized problems and inadequacies in its opening up to the outside world and has been vigorously developing the activity of " creating a favorable environment for opening up " .
at present , the total amount of investment of ge in china has reached 150 million us dollars .
according to experts ' predictions , the degree of dependence between china 's gnp and its total volume of imports and exports has already reached nearly 50 % . this index means that almost half of china 's economic life now is related to the international market .
in the past two years , with the development and change in the economy of the russian federation , general methods of bilateral trade have already gradually replaced barter trade , and trading volume has steadily increased .
xinhua news agency , beijing , april 5 th , by reporter guocheng jiang
at present , xiang wang has also started the construction of jiulong street .
xinhua news agency , changsha , december 15 th , by reporter yifei zhang
zhezhu quan , vice governor of jilin province who is in charge of the work of economy and trade , said : " international societies are welcome to join us for joint promotion of the tumen river development undertaking , and the development of the regional economy so as to benefit the people of northeast asia . "
from january to november of this year , a total number of 100,000 chang ' an compact cars have been produced , increasing by 54.9 % compared to the same period last year .
the central government and the people of the whole country always gave strong backing to the special region 's government and the compatriots of hong kong .
( end )
it estimated that for the world economy this year 's rate of growth would be 4.1 % , next year falling to 3.5 % , and that this year is the year with the slowest growth in the last 5 years .
the annual output only reached 1,200 tons in 1987 .
xinhua news agency , beijing , december 25 th , by reporter yongjian lu
in the first 10 months of this year , xiamen's state @-@ owned enterprise 's export value was 1.637 billion us dollars , increasing by 23.6 % over the same period last year .
( end )
( end )
non @-@ bank debt of reformed enterprises can be transferred from creditor rights to stock ownership ; those having difficulty paying taxes , can implement " temporarily postponing old debt but not owing on new taxes , and suspending taxes and waiving fines , and paying off year by year " .
this refined rice processing factory , which was constructed by the macao far @-@ east ( thailand ) consortium and the hainan province grain and oil consortium , etc. , who jointly invested 30 million us dollars , has adopted the ' 90 s most advanced foreign production equipment and technological processes . its annual processing is 300,000 tons of unrefined rice , and 70 % of the post @-@ processing polished rice is exported .
last year , annually , imports of primary products were 28.62 billion us dollars , increasing by 12.5 % ; exports of primary products were 23.93 billion us dollars , increasing by 9.1 % , and the proportion of foreign trade volume decreased from the previous year 's 14.5 % to 13.1 % .
xinhua news agency , shanghai , january 11 th , by reporters chijian zhang and jinhu xie
according to statistics , the successive launch of operations of the 145,000 foreign invested enterprises , the number of direct job holders reached 17.5 million , whereas foreign staff are only a few hundred thousand people .
by the end of last september , in 111 experimental cities , 389 state owned enterprises were bankrupted and ceased business , with total assets of 14.8 billion yuan . 623 enterprises merged , with total assets of 49.9 billion yuan and altogether 1.13 million people were assigned to other jobs by merging , bankruptcy and payroll reductions to improve efficiency .
finland customs estimated that , the financial crisis in southeast asia may weaken finland 's exports to this region , in particular , the export of electromechanical products would be impacted .
( end )
the third main artery of china connecting the south and the north , the beijing @-@ kowloon railroad , was completed successfully in 1995 . jiangxi , where one third of the route passes through , has become the province that has benefited the most .
in the harbor area a railway of 14 kilometers has been built , and the nanning @-@ fangchenggang railway can reach the dock directly .
he said , as there never was a schedule for exchangeability under rmb capital projects , therefore the process of delaying the process due to the southeast asian financial crisis does not exist .
( end )
engelan said at the economy figures colloquium , organized by the france @-@ ivory coast merchant club , that the economic growth rate of each member state of the west africa economic and currency union has already recovered 5.9 % in 1996 , increased to 6.3 % in 1997 , while this growth rate in 1994 was only 2.6 % .
liaoning is actively adopting new measures of utilizing foreign investment , such as developing the listing of new shares , property rights transfer , assets leases , etc.
it was learned that , under the circumstances where the foreign exchange system reform has achieved good results , the foreign exchange position is comparatively relaxed , and the rmb exchange rate is continuously stable , some funds from inside and outside the border have also begun to use all sorts of unlawful channels to exit and enter china to cheat on profits , cheat on arbitrage and cheat on exchange .
this year , shandong province began to implement the policy of employee housing monetization allocation within the bounds of the entire province , meaning that city and township employees can no longer get housing from the work unit they work for like before .
since the 3 rd session of the 11 th meeting of the ccp , chongqing 's domestic economy and social tasks have developed rapidly .
the " shenye holding company " and " shenzhen expressway " both being approved in the hong kong stock exchange turns a new page in the cooperation between the two stock markets of shenzhen and hong kong .
korean investment enterprises of the whole city totally reached 566 . the total value of imports and exports to korea was 1.23 billion us dollars last year , accounting for nearly 60 % of the total value of imports and exports of the whole city that year .
china 's processing trade was mainly developed from the transfer of labor @-@ intensive manufacturing industries or work processes from developed countries such as the us , japan , etc. and countries and regions such as singapore , korea , hong kong , taiwan , etc. , in order to reduce production costs and raise competitiveness .
recently , the bank of china provided argentina with loan of 20 million us dollars .
all the equipment will be completely manufactured and installed within this year .
on the other hand , there are still a number of developing countries that have not benefited from the progress of globalization .
at holland 's annual flower festival pageant , people created all kinds of floats using tens of thousands fresh flowers and gathered happily in the streets .
this afternoon in the great hall of the people , li wan , the chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , met with a delegation of the foreign affairs committee of the senate of thailand 's national assembly , led by chairman general saiyong gepeng .
party branches have a lot of work to do . the branch secretary , being the leading person , must possess multi @-@ faceted talents , but most importantly must have the communist spirit of serving the people in his heart and soul .
in 1955 , he went to moscow 's stalin automotive factory in the ussr for training .
xinhua news agency , madrid , august 31 st , by reporter tairan hu
the international information telegraph agency reports that the heavy @-@ duty transport spaceship " progress m @-@ 24 " was sent into outer space from the baikonur spaceship launching site on august 25 .
the communique requests that the us respect the territorial integrity of cuba , return the guantanamo military base to cuba , and immediately stop the blockade .
clinical trials show that this medicine without exception has better effectiveness on various liver diseases .
various regions have introduced more than 30,000 sets of advanced processing equipment and technologies , and expanded agricultural product processing capacity .
xinhua news agency , beijing , august 31 st , by reporter siyi ni
xinhua news agency , beijing , august 31 st , by reporter jihua wen
in market competition , products such as jiangxi 's yaya brand , beijing 's yililan brand , guangdong 's galanz brand , and sichuan 's tian ' ge brand , etc. have great reputations .
over the past 100 years , the world has discovered altogether 8 archaeopteryx findings from the same period , and only confined to this area .
mclauren and jiahua zou also jointly made inquiries into prospects for co @-@ operations in trade , science and technology between china and canada .
weidiaunuo expressed that he will convey this suggestion to the un secretary general .
according to astronomy experts of the zijin mountain astronomical observatory , the speed at the time of collision between the 21 nuclei and jupiter will be as high as 60 km @/@ s.
lockheed company and martin company are additional participants in the growing trend of takeovers and mergers of us companies in the last few months .
the 729 booths prepared for the meeting have all been sold out .
in the past two years , guangdong province has exerted itself to explore new ways of attracting talent under market economy conditions , and has been active in using market mechanisms to allocate resources of talent , and has achieved preliminary results .
the appearance and size of this yuhua stone is quite similar to an auspicious folk object , a longevity locket .
shawel said that although the us and the world bank are currently not completely satisfied with palestinian accounting work , they have still agreed to pay a portion of the funds as soon as possible .
( end )
dr. xiaotong fei , famous chinese sociologist and vice chairman of the standing committee of the national people's congress , was awarded the 1994 magasaysay " community leader " award here this afternoon .
both sides also exchanged views on relevant problems such as the security situation and economic development in asia , the unification of europe , etc.
the chinese government included the population problem into the overall planning of the national economy and its social development , always emphasizing that population growth and economic development need to fit together , and be coordinated with resource utilization and environmental protection .
viera said , he was glad to see that china had achieved great progress in the areas of economic and social life , and expressed complete understanding that the modernization build @-@ up needed to be carried out under stable situations .
( end )
bilateral trade has developed very rapidly but still had potential .
brown arrived in shanghai from beijing late last night .
at the invitation of peng li , premier of the state council , premier and first vice @-@ president of the tanzania united republic , john malsela will pay an official visit to china from september 9 th to the 13 th .
based on winter training and this league match , the national team will determine 26 team members of the first group to attend the training camp .
the handicapped sports cause has gradually grown .
romania won 2 gold medals from 18 year @-@ old m. uzika , in the pommel horse and from 16 year @-@ old g. gogiea , on the women 's vault , their respective scores were 9.712 and 9.812 .
according to foreign news agency reports , at the 1994 us tennis open , after dark horses repeatedly won on the first day of competition , there was no big news on the second day . all seed players passed the first round successfully .
the shanghai and the sichuan teams each won 5 gold medals and ranked third .
xinhua news agency , changping , september 1 st
the competitor from zimbabwe , si aiwan , who is temporarily in third place , has a total score of 354.39 points .
taiwanese respondents are feeling bogged down by bureaucracy and would like to get rid of red tape at work .
and is likely to cause alarm in the us , which saw russia as an alternative source of oil to the middle east .
rosneft paid only $9.35bn for yugankneftegas , far less than its market value .
zhou enlai then asked , " are you on bad terms because of your wives ? "
according to sources , district councilor chan wan sang and president of the small and medium enterprises association , simon shi kai biu , will each bring a contingent of several hundred to a thousand people to participate .
an internationally listed company .
a new york @-@ based spokesman for the london @-@ based mittal family said that the discussions were ongoing and it was hoped that nothing would affect them .
he said that if the deal was completed , hong kong would play a role in xiaoshan airport 's management , company direction and airport construction .
orient overseas is controlled by the family of hong kong sar chief executive tung chee @-@ hwa .
* blue sea *
sixty @-@ one @-@ year @-@ old peter choy is currently consultant for temasek group .
but that citicorp will continue to cooperate fully with all authorities reviewing this matter .
this again makes me think of a story .
that was about springtime . the cousin rode a bicycle in front and he followed .
he no longer copied articles , and wrote few love letters .
hei hei .
later , the marriage plan was shelved .
i 've only watched her lost paradise , which is also a very strange film .
when i look back now , it proves that i have seen and heard early quite a lot about the different kinds of corruption that we see today .
regarding the americans ' understanding of the size of the world , i remained perplexed despite much thought .
despite the $8 an hour wage , the waitresses said that they enjoy working here .
the agreement on chartered flights between the two sides of the straits was announced in macao this afternoon .
moore said , " it 's basically just the tube with the insides taken out . "
prince akishino and his wife also only have two daughters but no son .
taiwanese president chen shui @-@ bian officially announced on tuesday that he has appointed kaohsiung mayor frank hsieh as the new executive yuan premier .
" i have been arrested by a resistance group in iraq . " the 56 @-@ year @-@ old hostage dressed in civilian clothes said on the tape .
i feel very deeply for china 's diving team and am very grateful to the coaches , captain , and the central leadership .
officers then fired the pepper pellets .
during that time , the man launched an attack , biting and pushing over the two female students , then escaped and disappeared .
liuyifeng
no fuss guy
unluckily , you often don't know when and where you have committed " violations . " when your car is going through its annual inspection , the police will show you the picture of the violations . with firm evidence , you have no way to deny them and are punished by several departments .
to show my affection , whenever possible , i often take them out together with me or cook first at home before attending the banquet .
i think it could be called the earliest possible time if they arrive within the time frame ; otherwise it 's a long time later .
junior c showed reluctance intentionally , but white pockmark insisted on checking . the two began to argue , which attracted a large group of soldiers to come to watch the fun .
the mid @-@ term goal is to interact with the media ,
of course , such criticisms are made in good faith and are positive , in the hope of a better nanjing .
* blue ocean *
in fact , early in february 2005 , joseph yam , chief executive of the hong kong monetary authority , had repeatedly warned that hong kong interest rates may catch up with u.s. interest rates very soon , homebuyers and banks should be well prepared to prevent risks .
therefore , china’s marine survey ships conducting marine survey activities in that area do not have to notify relevant japanese authorities in advance .
while china does not have any enterprise that posses these advantages , even if there is , it is still only very few .
first , to maintain the stability and development of macroeconomics .
this long @-@ circulated rumored transaction will speed up the integration of state @-@ owned airline companies in europe .
anonymous net friend
only after they entered did netizens find that they still needed to pay for a subscription .
she is expected to be easily confirmed as secretary of state .
an official from akkeshi said that locally there had been no reports of injuries or damage .
before they bid farewell , the two sworn eternal love and made love among moonlit flowers . they were reluctant to part . after secretly trying the forbidden fruit , they said goodbye with tears in their eyes .
in the report of jiangnan shibao on december 18 , “frontline health workers of ‘sars fighting’, constructors of the olympic stadium , the elderly man at liuhe district who has adopted several hundred orphans , and family members of female volleyball player zhao ruirui will be invited to the bell @-@ tolling site to toll the bell 108 times together in order to welcome the arrival of the new year . ”
wang still could not escape responsibility .
i want to add a few words . within the area full of banks that i mentioned earlier , there were only two public bathrooms .
only this is the correct track that leads to modern society .
apart from attending classes in the morning and afternoon , the students also had two hours of self @-@ study at night .
people always compare their university years to the cradle of youth while for me , the three years of senior high school was the phase that had impacted my life the most .
south korean prime minister visits mongolia .
the deals involved sectors such as manufacturing , financial services , and banking , telecommunications , construction and energy .
kazakhstan not ready to issue own currency .
he added that governments at all levels will continue to expand investment in education , develop education according to law , and improve the educational level of all the people .
founded in 1989 , apec stands as the highest level economic cooperation forum of the asia pacific region , covering cooperative fields such as free trade and investment , economic and technical cooperation , dialogue on macro economic policies .
chinese photos on show in chile .
american industry village opens in hainan .
asian hockey federation cup opens in hong kong .
focus of french foreign trade in 1994 still on asia .
he noted that the chinese and rok sides also have a wide range of consensus on safeguarding peace and stability on the korean peninsula and in asia , and on common development in this region .
he said belgium is a country of importance in europe and hosts the european union commission he added that china and the european union could cooperate well as there exists no conflict of interest between them .
may 10 .
july 16 eu budget ministers hold meeting in brussels .
the vice premier indicated that china is willing to strengthen international cooperation in the field of personnel training through various channels .
all stipulations in the draft law have been drawn up in accordance with the actual conditions in macao and will be conducive to the long term stability and development in macao they suggest that the eighth npc adopt the draft basic law of macao .
the two sides agreed that they will make full use of the existing consultation mechanism in finding timely solutions to problems that arise in bilateral trade .
he urged the students to make efforts to understand and grasp the spirit of marxism , and to combine theory with practice in an effort to analyze and solve actual problems in china according to marxist viewpoints , principles , and methods .
china to import foreign power equipment .
the two sides exchanged views on topics of common interest .
thai deputy prime minister visits tianjin .
" i reiterate that we in pakistan remain committed to the improvement of relations with india and to address all outstanding issues through a meaningful and comprehensive dialogue so that we may be able to focus our energies on economic development and the well being of our peoples , " he said .
foreign ministers of china , russia , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , tajikistan and uzbekistan will attend the meeting .
chinese ambassador to new zealand chen wenzhao greeted the chinese athletes at the airport , encouraging them to achieve good results in the competitions .
the spokesman said that the success of the capital increase is an inevitable result of the improvement of china 's comprehensive national power with the rising of international status , china will surely play an even more active role in international economic and financial sectors .
yau said that he hoped the international congress of mathematicians in the year 2002 will be held in beijing and young chinese scholars would double their efforts and give a good performance on the occasion .
french franc 1 55 1 53 .
qian expressed his appreciation to the two hong kong organizations for their efforts in safeguarding hong kong 's prosperity and stability , adding that the two organizations should continue to support tung chee hwa , chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region ( sar ) and his government , so as to help build a more prosperous hong kong .
banharn said his country would continue to enhance economic and trade ties with shanghai he also welcomes shanghai enterprises to invest in thailand .
bush said that us chinese relations are of strategic significance he said that he hoped the relations would reach a new height during his lifetime he is ready to continue his efforts in this regard , he promised .
15 argentina ( 7 ) 53 50 .
they will also set up a joint group of experts to discuss details of cooperation in cadets training , exchange of experts , military health services , scientific research , armaments and military installations .
chinese president leaves kuala lumpur for home .
the law is aimed at improving the country 's legal system , ensuring lawyers to do their work well , safeguarding the interests and rights of litigants , promoting the implementation of laws , according to the general rules of the law .
jiang zemin wrote words of encouragement for the event , saying " developing modern post to satisfy social needs " .
july 7 the 4 th geriatric congress is held in berlin , germany .
asked on what would be the first thing for italy to do after the war , he said it would contribute to the implementation of the peace deal by sending in its troops .
li peng said that since the two countries established diplomatic ties 31 years ago , exchanges and cooperation between the two sides in the political , economy and trade and all other fields have continued to develop , leaders of the two countries have had frequent visits , and the two sides have held the same or similar views on many important international issues .
shanghai holds first animal arts festival .
according to the bureau , by the year 2000 , every 100 czechs will have 44 8 telephones and over 90 percent of the telephones will be program controlled .
while calling for more attention to developing economies , he said that with the ever closer interdependence among the economies , " development of only a few countries won't lead to a sustained and stable growth of world economy as a whole " .
li said : " prime minister hashimoto paid a successful visit to china not long ago , and i am to pay a return visit to japan on november 11 my wife and i were very glad to make another trip to japan after eight years i hope the trip would help to further the mutual understanding between china and japan and promote the development of friendship and cooperation " .
european commission president jacques santer visits burkina faso and south africa .
during these consultations , the two sides reviewed the implementation of the agreement , exchanged commercial satellite launching information , and discussed the agreement itself .
more than 1,000 public health experts from 40 countries are expected to attend the five day congress and discuss issues including the impact of the global economy and environmental changes on public health , the control over the tobacco industry , hiv and aids , oral and mental health , and the development of public health undertakings in china .
" this agreement also promotes broader goals in china , " he said u s action in china , he added , " is part of the broader economic strategy of my administration to create high paying jobs for americans " .
in noting that china and the rok are close to each other geographically and their economies complement each other , li pointed out that there is great potential and many prospects for economic co operation .
through his current visit to tibet and beijing , dipendra said he has witnessed china 's rapid progress , and that his country has a lot to learn from china in the field of national development .
she hoped the visiting women delegates will closely unite people in various social circles of hong kong , and continue to contribute to maintaining stability and prosperity of hong kong , and promote exchanges between women from china 's inland areas and hong kong .
jiang expressed his joy to meet ghali again , and said he believed that the visit by ghali , a friend of the chinese people , would deepen the friendship and understanding between the un and china .
li exchanged views with the chamber members on economic exchanges between hong kong and the mainland .
the chinese government and the french government wish to intensify their political consultations , hold regular meetings and develop economic and trade cooperation between them the chinese side welcomes participation by french enterprises in competition on the chinese market on an equal footing .
the general office if the main organ for the president to coordinate the activities of various executive organs and set up relations between the legislative body and judicial departments .
the new chinese ambassador told gayoom that the chinese government will make its efforts to strengthen the relations between the two countries .
enterprises in new pudong zone to operate in new way .
the meeting also approved the method of election of full and alternate members of the 14 th central committee and members of the new central discipline inspection commission .
china and qatar , two asian countries , hold the same or similar views on many important regional and international issues , and have conducted sound coordination in the multilateral diplomatic sphere , li said , reiterating china 's proposition that all countries , big or small , are equal and able to contribute to world peace .
travel expected to increase in u s.
jiang pointed out that the taiwan issue has always been a key issue and the most important and sensitive one in bilateral relations , and that the key to healthy and steady bilateral relations is strictly abiding by the three sino us joint communiques and properly handling the taiwan issue .
the arab league 's political committee holds an extraordinary meeting in cairo , egypt , to discuss latest developments in somalia .
he reiterated that his country does not allow any forces to engage in anti china activities in nepalese territory , and it pursues the one china policy , and recognizes that tibet is an inseparable part of chinese territory , and supports china on the taiwan and human rights issues .
both sides also conferred on issues of common concern during the meeting .
the central bank expects to achieve eight billion dollars of foreign exchange reserves by the end of the year with the continuos capital inflows after the mid term election .
it was the seventh time for china to be crowned while it was the first time for chinese taipei to finish in second place , their ever best results in the event .
briefing keita on china 's reform , opening up and economic development , the chinese premier noted that china is conducting its construction in a situation of political stability " the basic guarantee for china 's economic and social progress is the correct handling of the relations among reform , development and stability , " li stressed .
li continued that the chinese party and government pay great attention to the problem of inflation and the high price rises this year can be attributed to various reasons macro control should be carried out after the price control was lifted , he stressed .
he went on to say that " we have no choice because we don't have a second motherland , and we will stick to the end " , adding that he believes yugoslavia will win the final victory .
the on going conference on importing talent , which opened today , will last for a week over 180 government , provincial , and municipal officials attended .
peace and development remain the major tasks facing the world today , zhang noted , adding that china needs peace and that the main task of its military forces is to safeguard national defence and support modernization .
new political party established in cambodia .
new zealanders briefed on human rights situation in china .
li , also chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , said those present at the meeting were all influential business people in hong kong with very good reputations in the mainland in the past , he said , they did much useful work for the return of hong kong to the motherland and for the mainland 's economic development as well .
he said that berger 's current visit to china is to prepare for the presidential visit , to which the chinese side attaches great importance .
perry is the first u s defense secretary to visit china since 1989 .
as a country with a large rural population , she said , the philippines received much help from china for its agricultural modernization china has provided the philippines with advanced agricultural machinery and its own hybrid rice technology , she said , adding that the philippines wishes to strengthen cooperation with china in water treatment systems and rural road construction .
however , the trade deficit reached 3 1 billion u s dollars , as the imports growth rate was much higher than the exports growth of 6 percent .
during the meeting , laurel conveyed a letter from fidel ramos , president of the philippines to chinese president jiang zemin , in which ramos invited the chinese side to attend the philippines centennial exposition 1998 rong thanked laurel for the invitation .
he said that the principles set in japan china joint statement and japan china peace and friendship treaty are the foundation of bilateral ties the japanese diet would firmly abide by these principles and work for a friendly japan china relationship oriented toward the next century , he added .
the two sides also exchanged views on the present situation in asia as well as other issues of common concern .
barre is here for the fourth sino french economic symposium , at the invitation of the china council for the promotion of international trade .
in my view , the current international competition is , in the final analysis , a trial of strength in science and technology , focusing on the quality of people , high level personnel in particular since the training of advanced talents primarily depends on higher education , universities occupy an important position in raising the quality of workers based on the progress of science and technology .
the company is mainly responsible for purchasing , managing and disposing bad loans from the bank of china so far , all the four property management companies in china have opened local branches in shanghai .
the two men also discussed bilateral cooperation and the middle east peace process sorour hoped that russia , as one of the initiators of the middle east peace process , would play an active role in stabilizing the complicated situation in the area .
beijing , october 24 ( xinhua ) reasonable reforms of the united nations are necessary , but to enable the un to maintain its normal operation , all member states should meet their financial , and other obligations under the charter , chinese vice foreign minister li zhaoxing said in beijing today , at a meeting to mark un day .
the two day conference will debate on issues pertaining to infrastructure development in asia and the pacific the conference is expected to adopt a declaration on and launch an action plan for infrastructure development in the region .
" there has already been a surplus of nutrients in the region , " he said " survey results show that the content of nitrogen in the river in the 1990 s is six times as much as that in the 1960 s " .
song told minister of development ministry vasso papandreou upon his arrival that china and greece enjoys good cooperative relations in the field of science and technology and hoped such relations would be further strengthened in the future .
world cup under 17 soccer tournament to be held in ecuador .
zhu said the belief that " china and thailand are as close as one family " has already been deeply rooted in the hearts of the peoples of both countries , noting that the china thailand friendly relations are in the fundamental interests of the two countries and the two peoples and are beneficial to the peace , stability and prosperity in the region .
the large number of measures china has taken and the tremendous efforts china has made are not for the us , but out of the need of china 's reform and opening up drive , shen said .
after the ceremony was over , the two presidents went inside the belem palace to hold talks .
meanwhile he noted that the chinese output from aquaculture took 52 8 % of its total aquatic products , and china became the only one country of which its aquaculture output is more than its capturing output .
china 's policy has always been to develop long term and stable cooperative relations with russia , said jiang , adding that china will continue to strengthen healthy and stable bilateral ties in the 21 st century by engaging in joint efforts and close coordination .
chile is the fourth leg of li 's latin american visit , which has already taken him to brazil , cuba and colombia .
on october 20 , the relevant public security department sent notices of arrests to the family members of the four suspects according to the law .
early this year , the crimean authorities expressed its readiness to form an independent army and a banking system and to develop political and economic ties with foreign countries as an independent state , which was strongly opposed by ukraine .
in his talks , deng emphasized that the basic line must be followed unswervingly for a very long time to come , urging people to further emancipate their minds , to be more daring in reform and opening up , to quicken the pace of economic development and not to lose any favorable opportunity .
zhang explained that the chinese government has always paid great attention to human rights and is ready to cooperate with all other countries , u n organizations and other international groups to guarantee human rights and basic freedom , but that china is opposed to the violation of human rights in the guise of maintaining them .
ding and the norwegian guests also held friendly discussions on cooperation in movie making , development of national culture under the wave of globalization , and exchanges of publications and television programs .
the two sides also decided to intensify cooperation in tourism and journalism , encourage the application of advanced technology in people to people contacts , further exchanges in the fields of culture , art , science , education and sports , as well as between twin cities and provinces , support activities to protect historical and cultural heritage , and promote contacts between local governments .
li pointed out that the sino mali friendship has developed along a smooth and healthy track , and the cooperation between the two countries has been successful he added that china hopes the ties of friendly cooperation between the two countries will continue to develop stably and over a long period of time .
the evaluation was conducted by the development research center under the state council , the state statistics bureau and a periodical titled " management world " .
he called on kenya , sudan , djibouti and ethiopia to organize a peace conference to seek a final peace settlement of the bloody conflict in somalia .
the country 's output of natural gas has also increased dramatically last year its total output reached 25 9 billion cubic meters , which was a 3 5 percent increase over 1991 .
" i place high hopes on my visit on the one hand , i want to see china 's progress with my own eyes , on the other , i wish to enhance the friendship between the two countries to a new high and expand bilateral cooperation in the economic , cultural and scientific fields , " said milosevic .
hk basic law promotion committee holds first meeting .
wu , also a member of the political bureau of the central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) , said that he believed that the visit will further the relations between the two parties and the two countries .
addressing the opening ceremony , bolger cited the completion of the aquarium as one of the successful cooperative projects between china and new zealand , adding it demonstrated that the friendly cooperative ties between the two countries are advancing healthily and with great vitality .
the clinton administration forecasts the deficit will be 192 5 billion dollars in the current fiscal year , down from 203 4 billion dollars in the last fiscal year .
during his stay in china , chernomyrdin met with chinese president jiang zemin and held official talks with li peng a number of cooperative agreements were signed by the two sides .
the ec foreign ministers also urged the arab countries to end their boycott of israel in order to expand the regional cooperation .
he pointed out that countries worldwide have made efforts to explore effective ways to crack down on corruption and graft to ensure their sound and comprehensive economic development , adding that the theme of the convention featuring " corruption and fraud " is of importance and value amidst the overall backdrop .
currently , non state economies account for 18 percent of the gross domestic product in bulgaria the government plans to make the figure reach 49 percent in three years .
the wb , one of the major sources of foreign investment in ukraine , has provided loans of 1 2 billion dollars to the country since its independence .
estonian president approves new government .
co operation can be carried out through various forms such as the establishment of joint ventures , mutual investment , technical transfer or technical co operation in third markets , the president noted .
when coming to the role of the western european union ( weu ) , he hoped that it wouldn't develop into a military alliance , for its purpose was to control crises and maintain peace .
ben g kruip from the netherlands nmcp , noted that the cooperation between foreign experts and local professionals is not only good for joint venture projects but also promotes friendship , which is an important step for advanced level exchanges .
clark arrived here from hong kong wednesday morning .
beijing wants to expand economic , trade cooperation with russia .
in 1992 , french purchasing power rose by 2 percent , the inflation rate is 2 3 percent , and the foreign trade surplus is 30 billion french francs .
there are now 145 million illiterate people in china , over 33 million of whom are young people , chen muhua , vice chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress , pointed out at the establishment ceremony she called on government departments at all levels and people from all walks of life to join hands to eliminate illiteracy .
shenzhen is a special economic zone bordering hong kong , and has established a new labor system to accommodate the market economy the city employs over a million people from other parts of china , but stresses employment of local residents , which has brought its unemployment rate to below 2 5 percent in the past two years .
air canada opens route between shanghai and vancouver .
prague , august 26 ( xinhua ) foreign direct investment in the czech republic reached 589 million u s dollars in the first half of this year , a 25 percent increase over the same period last year .
he told a press conference this afternoon that recent years had witnessed frequent high level exchanges between the two countries , and the two way trade volume was 30 percent more in 1993 than the previous year .
founded in 1861 , the hong kong general chamber of commerce now has more than 4,000 member units , whose combined output value accounts to 75 percent of hong kong 's gnp .
hke china urges world community to combat racism .
he said that the decisive action of the united states to lower interest rates for seven consecutive times and drastic reduction of taxes will produce effects the interest rate reduction in europe and other regions will also spur world economic growth .
tianjin establishes large number of welfare installations for old people .
andrew gonzalez , secretary of education , culture and sports , said in a report that the schools were integrating these concerns in subjects like science , english , filipino , social studies , music and arts to teach students precautionary and safety measures during disasters .
peres said that after the signing of the interim agreement on palestinian autonomy , the palestinians will hold their elections by the end of this year and this will be the first elections in the history of the palestinians .
he expressed the hope that governments and leaders of both countries will take a broad and long term view , take the overall situation into consideration and work together to bring a " healthy , stable and ever growing sino us relationship " into the next century .
as a result of the abnormal weather , finland suffered unbalanced rainfall throughout the year and tornado attacks in the northwest of the country , which affected crop growth to varying degrees .
to obtain a rapid economic development , china needs the importation of more advanced technology and equipment , as well as resources in short supply , said li , adding that china hopes the tariff cuts will reduce import costs and promote the growth of imports .
it is reported that during the talks with muslim leaders this afternoon , kozyrev indicated that russia opposes any unilateral lifting of arms embargo on muslims .
fourth , the real per capita income in africa is now increasing the fall in africa 's real per capita income that began in the 1980 s continued in the early 1990 s , but it witnessed a marked improvement over the past two years , when eonomies rose faster than the population growth for the first time in many years .
" nevertheless , with the exception of the u s , margins of slack in the industrial countries remain large , and indications of a turnaround are still tentative in many areas , " the 210 page report said .
france franc 1 384 1 364 .
china is an important country in both the region and the rest of the world , and its rapid growth has won world wide attention , chretien said , adding that its prosperity will be beneficial not only to itself , but also to world peace and economic growth .
libya recently denied a report by a london newspaper which alleged that libya had recruited former soviet nuclear experts to work on a secret project .
yesterday evening , 32 hong kong and macao deputies to npc signed a statement which suggested the central government should adopt all necessary contingent measures in view of the grave situation there .
the health sector has gained relatively rapid development after the adoption of various measures including the promulgation of health related laws , increase of health expenditures , addition of medical institutes and increased construction of health infrastructures .
all problems can be resolved through strengthening exchanges between the two sides , a timely summing up of our the experiences , and strictly abiding by the basic law , he emphasized .
the university of east asia was re named the university of macao last october .
official statistics reported that inflation in the first quarter was running at a monthly rate of 6 4 percent as compared with the previous same period , further lowering romanians ' living standard .
he likes reading and taking walk as a senior official of china , he said , " only by studying hard and reading more books can we increase the capacity to serve the people " .
mexico , spain sign cooperation agreements .
u s extends loan to egypt .
he stressed that in 1992 china made great strides along the road to socialist modernization the national economy grew rapidly , with gnp increasing by 12 8 percent over the previous year .
international beach volleyball series start in hong kong .
in its 114 page report " global economic prospects and the developing countries 1997 " released here today , the world bank said policy reforms and a broadly favorable international economic environment could allow developing countries to grow between 5 to 6 percent between now and 2020 , raising their share of world output from around one sixth to nearly one third over the period .
the two leaders also exchanged views on issues of mutual concern .
he said that during u s trade representative charlene barshefsky 's recent china visit the two sides had constructive talks and made progress although there are still some differences the two sides are willing to make joint efforts to conclude the negotiations on china 's joining the organization at an early date , shi said .
the president admitted that the government 's plan includes some measures that will be painful to all mexican people , in particular those of raising prices and increasing value added tax but without these measures , the government would have to raise interest rates , which would have an adverse effect on the recovery of production and the economy , he explained .
it was learned that , most of the civil cases involving foreign nationals concerned divorce and housing , and so did the civil cases involving parties from taiwan .
according to the release , the median age of the new zealand population was estimated at 33 8 years at the end of september , compared with 31 6 years in 1991 the population aged 65 years and over now makes up 11 7 percent of all new zealand residents , and 56 5 percent of these are women .
famous doctors offer entrepreneurs free physical check up .
the regulation observes that both chinese citizens and overseas people should declare chinese currency to customs according to the relevant regulations when they enter or leave the country .
nepal will sent a 18 member governmental delegation to the fourth world conference on women , which is to be held in beijing , china in september .
lhasa , april 17 ( xinhua ) the high mountain research institute of the united states expressed satisfaction with chinese efforts in preparing for the establishment of the natural preserve in the qomolangma peak and showed willingness to continue cooperation with china in this area .
chissano said the challenge now facing high education is how to re define its functions and objectives in this ever changing world so as to help solve the pressing issues in social life .
history attests that properly handling the taiwan issue , the key point in sino us relations , has a direct influence on the development of bilateral relations , said zhang .
juppe said that the french companies are encouraged to help hungary 's economic development and the government hopes to give " a new push " to their economic relationship .
scowcroft said that he is willing to make further efforts to advance the growth of us china relations .
the five day showcase event , which has attracted more than 170 manufacturers from more than 10 countries and regions , is expected to help expand sino foreign technological cooperation in the automobile sector .
" prevention would become the primary rule of action the requisite mandates and resources would be provided to all peace operations in a consistent and reliable manner , " he said .
the council also reiterated its commitment to the holding without any delay of a free , fair and impartial referendum for the self determination of the people of western sahara in accordance with the settlement plan , which had been accepted by the two parties .
nakayama taro said peace and stability are the essential conditions for asia 's prosperity in spite of wide differences in their politics and economics , the asian nations all require stability and development , and so both governmental and non governmental dialogues and cooperation are important venues for achieving stability and development .
a joint statement was also issued at the end of the informal summit between china and asean , stressing that china and asean member states consider it important to develop a partnership of good neighborliness and mutual trust oriented towards the 21 st century .
chief executive edmund ho hau wah of the macao sar attended the signing ceremony the agreement was signed by officials in charge of public health .
macedonia , germany agree on military cooperation .
according to a recent fund meeting , the organisation has raised a total of over 14 million yuan since its founding in 1988 , and more than 70 percent of the money has been used to develop over 30 aid tibet projects .
there will also be a flight to shanghai from the macao airport at 5 @:@ 30 p m planned flights from macao to beijing and from macao to shanghai stand at seven a week and vice versa .
also visited the chinese mission to express their deep sorrow over the death of deng xiaoping were njuguna mahugu , president of the u n security council as well as representatives from many nations including the democratic people 's republic of korea , cuba , france , britain and germany .
he pointed out the fact that the economy and trade between the two countries are complementary .
apec sub committee on customs procedures meeting held in shanghai .
xu briefed tung chee hwa on shanghai 's rapid economic growth and the development of the pudong new area in the city .
according to the agreement , the chinese government will send a medical team to work in eritrea and provide necessary medical apparatus and instruments for the medical team .
the vice president is visiting china at the invitation of chinese vice president hu jintao .
" china is willing to cooperate with russia and make joint efforts to promote the smooth development of apec and to help recover the economic vitality and safeguard the peace and stability in the region " he said .
an official from the world health organization said at the " global public health perspective : challenges for the future " conference that cigarette smoking will be the major cause of death in many developing countries within 20 years if governments take no immediate action .
zedillo said jiang 's on going visit will bring mexico china relations into a new stage of development .
hu , also a member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the communist party of china ( cpc ) central committee , said that the people of the two countries have forged a deep friendship when angola was fighting for national independence relations between the two countries and parties have been developing in recent years while mutual understanding and friendship between the two sides has also been promoted .
rabin said differences remain between israel and syria over four issues : where the peace border would be drawn , the number of years needed to arrive at that withdrawal , security arrangements and how to ensure implementation of normalization of relations between the two countries during withdrawal .
the philippine navy recently forcefully boarded chinese fishing boats in the south china sea , confiscated all the catch and forced the boats to leave the area .
the russians are disgruntled at the fact that most of the aid pledges made by the west remain on paper .
the organization would be located in bonn and it would start working in december this year other european countries were also welcome to join the organization , said the minister .
during her stay in zhejiang , the princess visited renowned west lake in hangzhou and several old and culturally significant houses in shaoxing .
in a presidential statement to mark the united nations ' international day for the eradication of poverty , mandela said although south africa was said to be a middle income country , many people are still lived in very poor conditions .
the high crime rate and low efficiency in cracking cases remains worrisome problems there are 1 8 million recorded criminal cases in the first eight months this year , but only 700,000 of them have been cleared up , the bureau said .
the premier expressed his belief that cooperatives in china will see a vigorous growth in the next century and become an important economic organization in the country 's rural areas .
he also expressed his appreciation for the spanish government 's positive policy about china .
according to the provincial departments concerned , in 1991 , some 25 counties participated in this program the number was only 17 in 1990 .
as a part of non governmental cultural exchanges , performances on business terms also reaped satisfactory fruits last year , when china dispatched 64 art groups with a total of 1,155 artists to perform abroad , according to sun weixue , director of the department for cultural exchanges with foreign countries of the ministry of culture .
he said his visit , the first official and goodwill visit ever paid to malaysia by the chinese pla chief of the general staff , aimed to " further promote understanding , strengthen trust , develop friendship and enhance cooperation " .
albania , french sign treaty of friendship .
the report on the country 's economic situation , published today by the french national statistics and economic institute , said the economic growth rate will stand at 2 6 percent in 1995 , 0 3 percentage points lower than predicted early this year .
li discussed china 's economic situation and the measures china has taken in dealing with the asian financial crisis , such as not devaluing its currency , renminbi yuan .
the chairman also elaborated on china 's view of world multi polarization and economic globalization , noting that turkey , spanning across two continents , enjoys a special geographic advantage , and will play a more active role in both regional and world affairs .
the latin american countries place great importance on developing their ties with china therefore , the latin american parliament will establish a long and friendly relationship with china 's npc , he said .
march 4 5 .
the chinese premier said that china is satisfied with the increasing co operation in all fields , including politics , economy , trade and culture between the two countries .
kabariti stressed on the importance of coordinating arab efforts in this regard , especially at " this particular stage " .
washington , march 5 ( xinhua ) scientists from u s and japan said that they have discovered the secrets of how mammals distinguish among smells , the associated press said friday .
beijing , may 21 ( xinhua ) a publication containing a selection of important documents on the " one country , two systems " policy and on re unification was made available today by the central literature publishing house , in major bookstores in china .
it noted that the reconciliation in the balkan countries could not be achieved until the successful implementation of the u n related resolutions .
both sides expressed concern over the situation in the balkan region berisha called for a meeting of foreign ministers from the balkan countries while iliescu suggested that a meeting of heads of state of member countries of the black sea economic cooperation organization be held in bucharest , capital of romania , in late may to solve the problem .
" this is in line with the industrial policy of the chinese government , as well as the principles of equality and mutual benefit , common development , and long term cooperation , " li pointed out .
beijing , october 19 ( xinhua ) the 14 th central committee of the chinese communist party ( cpc ) held its first plenary session here this morning .
poland to relax foreign exchange control .
certain signatory parties , proceeding from their own political intentions , have been imposing pressures on china 's gatt status resumption and china will not yield to these pressures , she said , adding that it will neither sacrifice its foundamental interests for the gatt re entry and nor trade away with its principles .
china will settle environmental problems just as it has done with other difficulties , for chinese people are more and more conscious of the importance of environmental protection , said participants at a discussion on energy and the environment held here today .
warsaw , january 3 ( xinhua ) the extremely cold weather conditions this winter so far has claimed the lives of 50 people in poland , said local press reports today .
jiang talks with sri lankan president over phone .
in many countries , governments have worked out policies or programs in improving women 's political status and equal rights with men , as well as for women 's involvement in economic and educational development , they said at the meeting .
the operation of the mine is expected to increase the total annual production capacity in the region to 12 1 million tons , which will help to ease the energy shortages in east china .
chen expressed the belief that her visit will serve to further consolidate and develop sino sri lankan relations based on the five principles of peaceful coexistance .
abbas arrived in moscow thursday to attend the regular meeting of the russian palestinian committee on middle east problems .
the young farmers , who were honored as " the nation 's outstanding young farmers " last month , wrote a letter to president jiang , reporting their work in rural areas , and expressing their determination to get more farmers to join them in achieving a common prosperity .
before that , chernomyrdin and his party visited the forbidden city and the great wall .
porges is here at the invitation of the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation of china .
chi urged the u s to handle properly the taiwan issue in line with the three sino u s joint communiques and relevant commitments , to stop arms sale to taiwan and " do things that genuinely help promote the peaceful reunification of china " .
luo gan pointed out that china and myanmar are close neighbors and that continuous enhancement and development of the friendly relations between the two countries would be beneficial to peace and stability of the region .
beijing , march 24 ( xinhua ) ( this is the third of a series on chinese terminology in connection with the annual sessions of the seventh national people 's congress and of the seventh national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference the first of the series was issued on march 22 editor ) .
tang emphasized that the chinese government opposes and condemns terrorist activities of any kind , and calls on concerned parties in the middle east to keep calm and to use restraint , to treasure the opportunity for peace which has not easily come by , and to restore the peace talks as soon as possible to realize peace and stability in the region at an early date .
he called for an early end to " the risky military actions in the balkans , " saying that nato must stop its military strikes against yugoslavia and seek political ways out of the crisis .
sokolov made the remarks at the residence of chinese ambassador here he said he is very interested in the new thought of restructuring and reforming state enterprises introduced at the 15 th national congress of the communist party of china , which opened on september 12 in beijing .
after hearing briefings by some french entrepreneurs on their china investment plans , zhu said will continue to care and push forward the cooperation between chinese and french enterprises .
he expressed the hope that all members of the iccic will continue their contributions to the development of industrial cooperatives in china and other countries in the world .
after the ceremony , president soeharto held cordial and friendly talks with the chinese ambassador .
" this is just a beginning , " the secretary said , quoting a chinese proverb , " the journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step " , " that is what we are doing , we are taking those steps " .
local people will hold a gala to celebrate the success of the ninth cpv national congress of sunday night .
wang tao , president of the china national petroleum corporation , noted that this year , china will add a new capacity of 15 million tons to oil production and a new capacity of one billion cubic meters to natural gas production .
three people were slightly injured , 229 sheep died , 360 houses collapsed , and 39 small bridges , eight schools and two hospitals were damaged in the quake , according to preliminary statistics .
non governmental exchanges will help establish direct links between cultural groups of the two sides who have common interests however , he added , ethnic characteristics in various cultures must be preserved during the process of developing friendly relationship .
southeast china province to balance foreign trade .
martin berthold , chairman of the association , called on local authorities to open railway stations and public houses in cities , towns and villages in winter for the homeless .
british , australian runners win tsing ma bridge marathon in hk .
the u s japan military drills , which deteriorate the situation in asia , is a flagrant challenge to the wishes for peace of the asian people , the newspaper said .
south korean overseas investment surges in 1994 .
he noted that the two agreements and the exchange of letters will give an impetus to the development of bilateral relations between the two countries .
the president of the security council , who will chair all meetings with troop contributors , will report their views to the council during its informal consultations , according to the statement .
at a time when the north and the south have signed a joint declaration of mutual non aggression and when the nuclear framework agreement between the dprk and the u s has entered the stage of implementation , conditions are now ripe for washington and pyongyang to strike a new peace deal , which is also imperative , the paper said .
caterpillar initiated its first business with china in 1975 , and since then , it has signed a dozen contracts of technology transfer with chinese enterprises , and two joint ventures has been established with an investment of 30 million u s dollars .
he made the pledge at a meeting with visiting chinese minister in charge of the state planning commission chen jinhua .
to adapt to the socialist market economy , the acftu has , over the past two years , sent abroad more than 400 local and enterprise unionists to inspect labor relations , labor legislation , negotiations between employers and employees , social security and the trade union operation system , and learn from foreign trade unions how to protect workers ' rights and interests under a market economy .
the two sides also proposed a treaty to be signed to beef up the existing european institutions for maintaining the continent 's peace and order .
turkey has long been used by turkish and foreign drug dealers as a springboard to smuggle narcotics from southeastern asian countries to european markets .
beijing , november 2 ( xinhua ) chinese top legislator li peng , during a meeting with visiting belgian prime minister jean luc dehaene here today , said that china values the role of the european union ( eu ) and is ready to further its ties with eu on the basis of the five principles of peaceful co existence .
turkey has claimed that it has lost a total of 30 billion u s dollars due to the u n trade embargo on iraq six years ago .
wu said that wpo 's beijing conference , attracting over 600 delegates from 52 countries , has promoted exchanges between the packaging industry in the world it has also offered an opportunity for china 's packaging industry to learn about advanced technology and experience in the field .
eight state prison systems were so crowded that they sent at least 10 percent of their inmates to local jails last year on average , the states operated prisons at least 17 percent above capacity federal prisons were at 25 percent over capacity .
the general command said in a statement that the u s spy planes took off from saudi arabian and turkish territories to provide information on land and military facilities in south iraq in a bid to maintain its " aggressive operations " against iraq .
according to wall street estimates , the third quarter saw the weakest gains in operating earnings that would mean that for this year , earnings grown is likely to be the smallest since profits actually fell in 1991 .
fischer , leading a high level trade delegation , is on a 7 day trip to china shanghai is his first stop .
some members of the delegation had arrived here earlier .
minister in charge of state development planning commission : zeng peiyan .
qian qichen holds talks with christopher .
in a recent interview with xinhua before his first official visit to china since he became belarus president last july , lukashenko underscored the significance of developing the amicable cooperative relations between belarus and china .
the globalization forum is an international academic conference on the economic trends of the world the first forum took place in may 2000 in beijing .
differences in social and legal systems should not obstruct the exchanges between the police forces of the mainland and hong kong , tian asserted .
no one has so far claimed responsibility for the blast .
as chairman of the ways and means committee , he said , he has always called for further expansion of economic and trade ties between the us and china , greater support for china 's entering the world trade organization , and granting china permanent most favored nation trade status , and added that he will continue to work for these ends .
the 3 year global bearer bonds carry an annual coupon of 7 75 percent and an issue price of 100 00 percent the proceeds of the issue will be swapped into u s dollar floating rate funds .
during the meeting , the new zealand prime minister said she is to visit china next week and she is looking forward to meeting with president jiang and prime minister zhu rongji in beijing .
the successful resistance against nato 's aggression by the yugoslav forces showed that in a defensive war , no matter how strong the enemy is , a small country can protect itself , while reducing casualties to the minimum as long as it is well prepared , smiljanich said .
in accordance with guidelines issued by the registration and electoral office , for all donations exceeding 1,000 hk dollars ( 128 u s dollars ) , donors will be issued with a receipt specifying the name and address of the donors as supplied by the donors copies of the receipts would be submitted to the chief electoral officer within 30 days after gazetting the result of the election .
montevideo , february 12 ( xinhua ) during the first 10 months of 1995 , trade between china and uruguay reached a volume of 138 5 million dollars , thus making china uruguay 's third most important trade partner followed by the united states and germany .
during the meeting , huang briefed chavalit on the reform , opening up , and economic development of china 's largest industrial city , as well as the improvement of its people 's quality of life .
at the two day forum , delegates will discuss such topics as establishing a fair and reasonable world economy and trade order as well as favorable co operative relationship , industrial restructuring and trade development , financial co operation and infrastructure construction .
vice chairman of the chinese national people 's congress standing committee buhe , minister of culture liu zhongde and about 500 chinese and foreign guests attended the reception .
beijing , december 4 ( xinhua ) china 's pending official membership of the world trade organization ( wto ) raises the hopes of european companies in china that a new wave of trade and investment will come soon , said president of european chamber of commerce in china ( euccc ) peter batey here tuesday .
meanwhile , brazilian president fernando cardoso said today that it was important for his country to take such measures , for the adjustments could defend a strong currency and prevent high inflation rate from affecting the country again .
lew was here attending a sino us joint legal seminar , a cooperative program that was suspended for years but was resumed at the request of minister wu and secretary brown in washington in april this year .
bouchard expressed hope that his visit will strengthen bilateral trade and economic cooperation he also expressed a strong desire to learn more of china 's efforts to restructure state owned enterprises .
habanananda told li that lci has already formed good ties with cad and china 's ministry of health lci has successfully carried out operation sightfirst china action and is willing to establish long term partnerships with other departments , he said .
at a meeting with juan bueno torio , deputy economic minister of mexico , li said mexico will play host to the apec series of meetings next year , and the two countries can cooperate well in this respect .
the territory and sovereignty of a country cannot be separated , and the political position of taiwan should be discussed about under the prerequisite of one china , wang said .
herzog said that germany and china share many identical views , which have led to a development of bilateral relations , and noted that the two countries ' differences in their political systems and ideology will not an obstacle to further bilateral relations , but on the contrary , will be the basis of expanded exchanges .
he noted that russia will continue to exploit international market for its weapons exports , which totaled more than three billion u s dollars in 1995 , up 80 percent over the previous year .
qin xinhua , director of the chinese delegation , said it is expected that the people of indonesia could have a better understanding , through this exhibition , of china 's medical , scientific and technological progress to their own benefit .
qian qichen meets with nepalese foreign minister .
germany agrees to defer russia 's repayment of debt .
belgium and the netherlands have already suspended british beef imports .
beijing , july 26 ( xinhua ) china 's trade minister said here today that the total import and export volume of the country this year will very likely exceed that of last year , despite a decline in exports .
he added that rapid economic development in china will not only benefit chinese and overseas investors , but also be an important factor in the overall success of the global economy .
hong kong , april 22 ( xinhua ) hong kong international airport ( hkia ) has been named the world 's best airport for 2001 in an independent survey conducted by a british based airline and air travel industry research company .
the g 7 summit , to be attended by the united states , germany , britain , japan , italy , canada and france , will take place in halifax , canada , from june 15 to 17 .
the power engineer turned official said the weak power distribution network has become a major barrier hingering the growth of the power market the renovation of the power grids should be strengthened , said li .
french franc 1 418 1 418 .
liu said that he is satisfied with his on going visit in france , and appreciates the policy of reinforcing cooperations and friendship with china by president jacques chirac .
beijing , march 1 ( xinhua ) the following is a list of major international events scheduled for march 3 to 9 .
li briefed the central african delegation of the functions of the npc and china 's democratic and legal construction .
philippine vice president and foreign secretary teofisto guingona made a statement on march 15 , claiming that huangyan island was part of the philippine territory and the philippines " has exercised sovereignty and jurisdiction over the area " .
on the conflict in congo ( k ) , he said that it is possible that the united nations will consider sending peacekeepers into the african country to " monitor and help the implementation of the peace agreements " .
zhu also said that the policy and process of china 's opening up will not be affected by the financial turmoil in asia .
a visiting adb delegation made the promise here on thursday at the end of its five day visit to the country .
menem told reporters after his meeting with clinton that his country will continue its efforts to combat narcotics trafficking .
taiyuan to host international youth table tennis open .
beijing , december 16 ( xinhua ) china 's minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation ( moftec ) wu yi , in speaking about international trade today said , " on the issue of china 's entering the world trade organization ( wto ) , demanding the opening of china 's markets too wide is unrealistic , and a transitive process is rather more practical " .
though the u n and the international community have taken action and made great efforts to offer humanitarian aid to africa , the situation in that continent still shows signs of emergency , he said , adding that africa needs much more help than what it has got .
zhu said that the issue of a japanese history textbook is a political and principled issue of great importance , and it concerns the feelings of people who were the victims and is related to japan 's stance and attitude towards its history of aggression .
experts at the unctad held that there are some favorable factors for the continuing african economic recovery , as non oil commodity prices are expected to increase modestly on account of favorable movement in food and agricultural raw materials prices in the world market although economies in most african countries are still fragile , but they predicted that economic recovery will continue , probably stronger than that in 1996 .
matubraimov , a 43 year old former first deputy prime minister , will be the new speaker of the people 's congress he won 59 of the 60 votes in the election after two other candidates withdrew from the competition .
the vietnam news agency monday quoted the finance minister as saying that the success was partly resulted from lessons and experiences learned from other countries in adjusting the foreign exchange rate of the domestic currency .
the chinese government attaches great importance to the development of its comprehensive cooperative relations with germany , and views germany as china 's reliable cooperative partner , zhu pointed out .
romania has always considered taiwan to be a province of china , and this stand will never change , he stressed .
economists see u s economy up 3 8 % in 1994 .
reception held for opening of new chinese russian airline .
the venture , called celestri , is motorola 's biggest satellite plan aiming at corporate world global satellite systems are intended to provide such services as video conferencing and high speed internet access and celestri may be the first such system to use both satellites orbiting at low altitudes and satellites that operate at high altitudes and retain a fixed location in relation to the earth , according to a report of the new york times today .
during the past five years , the chinese government has unswervingly pursued an independent foreign policy of peace , li said in his report on government work this not only has helped create an external environment favorable to china 's reform , opening up and modernization , but also contributed to world peace and common development .
the hainan provincial delegation arrived here sunday on a three day visit to zambia in a bid to open up oversees markets and widen the province 's economic relations with the outside world .
prueher told jiang that during his visit he had useful discussions with chinese military leaders on strengthening relations between the two armed forces .
netanyahu told jiang that he is very pleased to visit china and discuss issues of common concern with the chinese leaders and that his visit will advance israel china relations .
poland establishes new special economic zone .
the npc chairman also briefed the german visitors on the people 's congress system in china and the npc 's operation in the construction of democracy and legal system in the past few years china puts much importance to promoting democracy and legal system in accordance with the actual conditions in the country , while developing its economy , qiao told the visitors .
beijing , march 13 ( xinhua ) the chinese state council recently held a meeting presided by premier li peng to examine and approve the yangpu project in hainan province for accelerating the construction of the hainan special economic zone .
new zealand accuses japan of whaling .
the zhenghe made a long siren in acknowledgement to the welcome .
next year 's government debts are expected to reach 68 8 billion marks ( about 45 9 billion dollars ) , lower than this year .
rakhmonov said that this is his third visit to china this morning , he visited a new technological development area in beijing , which deeply impressed him .
indonesian badminton coaches to have contract system .
liu extended a warm welcome to lucinschi , saying that bilateral relations have witnessed smooth growth since the forging of diplomatic ties between the two countries in 1992 .
ramos made the remarks during his meeting here this morning with visiting chinese defense minister chi haotian , who is here for a week long visit .
before the promulgation of the insurance business law , the state run myanmar insurance was the sole insurance institution in myanmar underwriting various kinds of insurance .
on behalf of the entire cambodian people , sihanouk extended gratitude for the consistent , sincere and selfless support from the chinese government and the chinese people to cambodian 's development course china 's support has played a key role in cambodia 's national independence and territorial integrity , he noted " we are proud to have a friend such as china , " he added .
speaking to reporters in cape town after meeting foreign affairs minister alfred nzo , salim said : " i 'm grateful south africa is showing more interest in the areas of conflict resolution , but i think south africa should be doing more " .
november 22 eu fisheries ministers meet in brussels .
zambo italo , artistic director of the national ballet , said he was happy to see the chinese audience appreciating african songs and dances he hopes for further cultural exchanges between africa and china .
the call for a referendum was made by the opposition of the interim constitution , namely , the inkatha freedom party and some right wing organizations .
zobair extended congratulations on behalf of the sudanese government and people on hong kong 's upcoming return to the motherland , believing that it constitutes an important step towards the peaceful reunification of china .
the cooperative relations in economy and trade between the two countries are developing steadily and exchanges in other fields are also in process , he noted .
as for the issue of adopting tangible measures to curb the trend of trade protectionism , moore said that the ministerial officials from apec member economies will discuss this issue at the mrt meeting .
year 2000 proposed as year of peace for africa .
beijing , march 1 ( xinhua ) the japan foundation of international exchanges opened an office here today , aimed to promote cultural exchanges between japan and china .
phnom penh , august 26 ( xinhua ) a cambodian immigration law was adopted by the national assembly here this afternoon with 97 for and 1 against .
they underlined the essential need to create favorable conditions for effective enjoyment of human rights at both national and international levels and stressed the urgent need to democratize the united nations system , eliminate selectivity and improve procedures and mechanism in order to strengthen international cooperation based on principle of equality and mutual respect , the declaration said .
romania , which is seeking an early entry into nato , made a positive response to the alliance 's request for the country to open its sky " unconditionally " to nato war planes .
" china is willing to maintain close co operation with such leading international firms as hughes and jointly promote the development of international space technology , " he said .
nato has asked all the 27 members of its partnership for peace ( pfp ) program , including sweden , to send troops to take part in the operation of addressing the refugee issue under the command of nato .
he answered the questions raised by shanghai entrepreneurs on how thailand deals with the asian financial crisis .
leaders of the two regions explained that they made the decision because the new federal government was formed unconstitutionally and under strong pressure of the oppositions .
during the meeting , odlum said he was honored to meet li and passed on regards from saint lucia prime minister kenny anthony to li , who in return asked odlum to convey his best wishes to anthony .
officials from the provincial government also announced projects for foreign economic and technical involvement , and participants discussed possibilities for cooperation .
havana , may 2 ( xinhua ) the cuban national assembly urged the government today to implement a series of measures aimed at cleansing the country 's internal finances without renouncing its socialist principles .
qian said that the 20 th century has seen two world wars and many regional conflicts china hopes to see a diversified and equal world , with neither hot nor cold wars , in the coming century .
first automobile ferry operational in nanjing .
the dialogue went underway as juan antonio samaranch and european sports commissioner marcelino oreja discussed the model of european sports , the relations between sports and television industry and the role sports plays in the framework of politics and society .
the regulation is expected to be enforced by the state council after some revisions .
though these demands were not preconditions for iraqi compliance with u n demands , ekeus expressed hope the iraqi side would do " something concrete " .
attending today 's meeting were wang zhaoguo , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee and head of the united front work department of the cpc central committee , and ye xiaowen , director of the bureau of religious affairs of the state council .
speaker of the romanian senate liviu gherman said he believed that south africa could become an important source of capital for romania , while romania could make use of its resources to help south africa 's economic construction .
beijing , june 27 ( xinhua ) the fifth meeting of the sino libyan mixed committee for economic , trade , scientific and technological cooperation opened here this morning .
october 24 was designated as un day by the second un general assembly in 1947 , and tomorrow will mark the 25 th anniversary of the restoration of legal rights of the people 's republic of china in the un .
during the match featuring the first place in group a and the last one , the young japanese team stood no chance of fighting off the powerful attacks and blockings they lost their first set 15 2 and the second 15 6 , only to spirit up in the third set , garnering 12 points after brazilian captain carlao was substituted owing to an injury foot .
nwa is among the first foreign airline companies to hire chinese employees for its domestic market so far , of the 140 staff members only three have been american citizens nwa hired chinese interpreters for flights very early on and together with the local airline companies now has several hundred excellent chinese pilots .
the contractual and actual american investment in china also went up by 46 percent and 45 percent respectively in the first nine months compared with last year .
the " recycling " of the organ happened because of the severe shortage of human hearts available for transplant surgeries but doctors say it is hardly applicable in normal practices .
commemorative event for thalmann held in berlin .
wei , who is also a member of the secretariat of the cpc central committee and acftu president , briefed the prime minister on the acftu 's work .
premier li also extended his heartfelt thanks to the project builders , and expressed his support to the three gorges project on behalf of the collective leadership of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core .
birendra said that nepal wants to see china prosperous and strong , and hopes that china can play a bigger role in international affairs .
in a rapidly changing world , it takes great courage , vision and insight to choose the best venue for a global event to be held seven years from now .
a news release issued by the defense ministry said that the fire occurred when some fireworks for the national day parade exploded in a workshop the firefighters put out the fire within an hour and none of the victims is in a serious condition .
chilean overseas investment surges .
he expressed his conviction that his visit to china this fall will surely provide a fresh impetus to the development of the friendship and cooperation between the two countries .
the increase has brought the nation 's foreign currency reserves up to almost 8 billion dollars , according to the bcu .
" this will prove that deng xiaoping 's concept of ' one country , two systems ' is viable i hope hong kong will become another active participant in russia china cooperations " he added .
the kunming machine tool plant has now become one of the major enterprises of its kind in the country and more than 200 products of the plant have been exported to 30 countries and areas in the world .
stockholm , june 29 ( xinhua ) china and sweden signed a memorandum here today on sweden 's provision of loans to the chinese government on favorable terms .
an agreement was recently signed between catic and the relevant peruvian department on catic providing 31 million u s dollars worth of road building machinery to peru develop its infrastructure construction .
the socialist party of ukraine , with a membership of 30,000 , is the third largest leftist party in ukraine .
the cotlook a index , an indicator of average world cotton prices , rose from 75 cents per pound in mid november to nearly 80 cents in mid december , reflecting lower expectations for cotton production in pakistan , uzbekistan , greece , paraguay , turkmenstan and tajikistan .
geneva , december 3 ( xinhua ) the growth rate of world merchandise exports for 1998 is expected to be between four and five percent , less than half of that in 1997 , said the world trade organization ( wto ) here thursday .
england and australia , winners and runners up of the top class cup championship at the previous world cup meet four years ago , crashed in the cup quarter finals this afternoon england lost to western samoa 21 5 and australia conceded the match 38 12 to new zealand .
yang made the remarks here this afternoon in an interview with ridha bouguezzi , an anchorman of the state television of tunisia .
sweden , finland hail china eu trade deal .
two army divisions , five naval fighting teams and two air fighting groups are taking part in the annual " defense ' 96 " exercise , according to the ministry .
2 to take concrete actions in support of the efforts for development cooperation between african countries , including the regional economic integration process in africa and sub regional economic cooperation .
the black movement urged the international community to act in solidarity , and appealed to workers worldwide not to handle south african carriers and goods on june 29 .
the congress adopted amendments to the party constitution the resulting resolution decided that the constitution as amended will come into force as of the date of the amendments ' adoption .
talking about his country 's tourist strategy for the next year , maaoui said that there are three objectives , namely , upgrading quality of service , confirming the plenty and diversity of tourist products and boosting sea tourism , conference tourism and cultural tourism .
from now on , the industrial and trade ministry will no longer issue any licenses for importing and exporting on a barter basis with other countries , including members of the commonwealth of independent states , the kazakh news agency said .
enrile said he was honored to meet minister chi and believed his china trip would have positive role in reinforcing the friendship between the two armies and pushing ahead the bilateral relations between the two countries .
service sector to generate most jobs in u s.
prescott said he was satisfied with the development of hong kong in the recent two years after it was handed over to china .
silver : kong linghui @/@ liu guoliang , china .
over 190 factories , or 63 6 percent , failed to attain production quotas , and the production of 74 key industrial products out of more than 80 was less than in the same period last year .
developing countries have been striving hard , often at considerable cost , to integrate more closely into the world economy , but protectionism in the developed countries has prevented them from fully exploiting their existing or potential competitive advantage , the report said .
bonn , august 26 ( xinhua ) germany is willing to continue sending troops to bosnia herzegovina to maintain peace after the nato led multinational peace implementation force ( ifor ) pulls out of the country at the end of the year , a german minister said today .
all these have got the full approval of the central government in yangpu of the hainan island , the areas for attracting foreign investment has far exceeded the scope approved by the government to include services in addition to heavy and chemical industries in pudong of shanghai , the first supermarket run by a foreign businessman appeared .
cohen conveyed us president clinton 's regards to jiang , and noted that the american leader looks forward to his forthcoming visit to china .
hanoi , june 22 ( xinhua ) vietnam 's rapid economic growth maintained its momentum during the first half of 1995 , according to official statistics cited in the local press today .
belgrade , december 2 ( xinhua ) the united nations higher commissioner for refugees ( unhcr ) thursday urged the international community to help former yugoslav refugees return home as soon as possible .
schwab , who has visited china and organized a china economic symposium every year since 1979 , said the fact that chinese premier li peng would take part in the annual meeting of the world economic forum in davos , switzerland , had far reaching significance .
waseda university has co operated with china for a decade , developing ties with such prestigeous chinese universities and colleges as qinghua , beijing ( beida ) and fudan universities .
peraz arrived in nanjing from shanghai this morning , and left for dalian late this afternoon .
beijing , june 22 ( xinhua ) president jiang zemin said today that the chinese government places high value on the coming visit by u s president bill clinton and believes its will end in complete success .
the arab health ministers council is discussing health issues in arab countries and sufferings of the palestinian people in the occupied arab territories .
beijing , august 25 ( xinhua ) nepalese ambassador to china rajeshwar acharya held a reception here this evening to mark the 45 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between the two countries .
kwasniewski hoped the russian nato agreement would be signed with cooperation instead of confrontation .
bonn , june 23 ( xinhua ) the world 's proven crude oil reserves grew by over 1 5 billion tons , or one percent , to an all time high of some 140 billion tons last year , a study of the esso oil company said today .
shenzhen , april 25 ( xinhua ) a delegation from the japanese trade union confederation ( rengo ) , led by its president washio etsuya , ended a three day visit to shenzhen and left for home via hong kong today .
beijing , september 6 ( xinhua ) a chinese foreign ministry spokesman said here today that china hopes indonesia will treasure the existing good neighborly and friendly ties between the two countries , and respect the chinese government 's principled position on the taiwan issue .
june 18 international conference on albania is to be held in rome , italy mercosur 's common market council meets in asuncion , paraguay .
qiao shi , chairman of the standing committee of the national people 's congress ( npc ) , said that china will make every effort to prepare for the 96 th inter parliamentary conference scheduled to for september 1996 in beijing .
this year , the pcbc will siphon more loans from spain , including about 300 million u s dollars government soft loans for the wuhan iron and steel company , the pcbc official said .
goff arrived in beijing sunday evening on an official visit to china .
earlier in the day , qiao visited the zurich stock exchange market and attended a welcoming ceremony and a luncheon given by the zurich state government in honor of the chinese chairman .
dhaka , january 20 ( xinhua ) the first general assembly of global tiger forum ( gtf ) ended here thursday with the adoption of the " dhaka declaration on tiger conservation " to protect the 7,436 existing members of the endangered species in 14 countries .
zhuhai , august 4 ( xinhua ) the working group of social and cultural affairs under the preparatory committee of the macao special administrative region ( sar ) of the national people 's congress ended its third meeting here today .
eu to enhance cooperation with mediterranean neighbors .
chinese foreign minister meets swedish deputy prime minister .
she pointed out that a limited number of people in the united states have tried to use the rumor to defame china and impede the improvement of sino u s relations " their ulterior motives are doomed to failure , " she said .
the special lane is the far right hand lane and is marked with a double broken yellow line only buses and mini buses approved by the police can use the lane traffic authorities say the lane will help increase buses ' speed and encourage more people to ride them .
egypt reaffirms adherence to one china policy .
in june 1991 , the supreme people 's court authorized , according to law , the higher people 's court of yunnan province to examine and approve death sentences in cases involving drug trafficking , in a bid to promptly and severely crack down on rampant drug trafficking along borders of the province .
buhari , while thanking liang for visiting him as the first foreign ambassador , pledged that nigeria will continue to adhere to the one china policy .
new york , april 12 ( xinhua ) the u s dollar rose friday against the german mark and japanese yen on enhanced confidence in the u s economy , ending a week of powerful gains for the greenback .
rong said that both china and brazil have abundant resources , and there are good prospects for further cooperation between china and brazil brazil is china 's biggest trade partner in latin america .
he said that japan would develop its relations with china in the coming new year , the 50 th anniversary of the end of the second world war , in accordance with a new peace and friendship exchange program .
meles said , " although the ethiopian government maintains its stand for peace and supports the compromise proposal presented by the governments of the united states and rwanda even now , the continued aggression of the eritrean government has exhausted our patience " .
taibei , august 2 ( xinhua ) the fifth round of talks between the mainland association for relations across the taiwan straits ( arats ) and the taiwan based straits exchanges foundation ( sef ) ended here today .
the chinese president told kumaratunga that he is expecting her visit to china early next year he asked the president to convey his regards and those of chinese premier li peng to her mother , prime minister sirimavo bandaranaike , a highly respected old friend of the chinese people .
the south african leader arrived tuesday in the federal capital of brazil for an official four day visit he will attend as a guest the summit of the southern common market ( mercosur ) on december 14 15 in the southern brazilian city of florianopolis .
germany to reform citizenship law .
while introducing the development of the security markets in their own countries and regions , these experts have put forward suggestions about the development of china 's security market .
the aim of the exercise is to examine the functioning of the air defense system in belgrade , the combat readiness of the command and units of these forces , and their ability and efficiency to discover and forestall air raids on their ground air defense equipment and civilian facilities .
foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi made the remark at the routine press briefing here this afternoon in response to a question on the significance of the coming one year countdown of macao 's return , which falls on december 20 .
of 88 random tests at the 490 preliminary matches , none suggested that a player used illegal performance enhancing drugs , according to statement issued by the world soccer 's governing body in its headquarters in zurich , switzerland .
maputo , september 17 ( xinhua ) representatives of the observer countries in the supervision and control commission of the mozambican peace accord issued a statement here on thursday , expressing their concern over the delay by the government and the renamo in implementing the peace accord .
because of regional , historical and social factors , most of the ethnic groups such as the gelao , jingpo , hani , shui , lahu and daur had no writing up to the middle of the 20 th century in addition , some of the folk tales handed down orally had been lost .
saint petersburg and shanghai are the first couple of sister cities of the two countries .
china hopes for stability in south kyrgyzstan .
the talks took place this afternoon in the coastal city of yurmala , near riga .
french franc 1 607 1 59 .
china to increase trade and economic ties with africa .
new york , march 7 ( xinhua ) wine america 93 , the leading international wine and spirit trade show in the united states , opened here today with more than 200 producers from nearly 20 countries participating in the show .
following the accelerating process of economic globalization , there emerge more cross border criminal activities , said jia , stressing that only by joint efforts of the police from the countries all over the world can such crimes be effectively brought under control .
" we know from sources that they were flying below 1,000 feet and hit the cables at between 366 and 373 feet however most of the low level portion of the flight should have been planned , briefed and flown at 2,000 feet , " said the general .
of these successful applications , 33 are from higher education institutions , 14 from industrial support bodies , 16 from trade and industrial organizations and one from a research institute , choi said .
islamabad , april 18 ( xinhua ) a fatal road accident claimed 17 lives and 38 others were injured when a passenger bus fell into a deep ditch in northwestern pakistan early this morning .
the president made these remarks to the press during the flight which brought him home after a visit to senegal and france , according to an antara report here today .
muhammadisa sun abdulalimbi was a 19 years old pow , looking like a young student he had just been in the war for 10 days before he was seized and sent here but he said he was willing to have laid down his arms and surrendered when asked what he wanted most , he replied with no hesitation : " go home " his parents , several brothers and sisters are at home waiting for his return .
china 's defense minister holds talks with indian commerce minister .
geneva , may 30 ( xinhua ) the group draw for the finals of the 1998 world cup in france will he held in marseille on december 4 next year , it was announced in zurich on thursday .
for the first half of fiscal 1993 , the federal budget deficit is already 182 8 billion dollars fiscal 1993 started october 1,199 2 and end september 30,199 3 .
pyongyang , november 2 ( xinhua ) two leading newspapers in the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk ) strongly condemned the united states south korean military exercise , code named " foal eagle , " today in their editorials .
indonesia 's first nuclear power plant could be constructed by the year 2006 , minister of research and technology b j habibie said here tuesday .
in the other match of the day , ukraine , which edged china 3 2 in their first match on thursday , defeated the united states 3 1 .
morin said his troops will continue to steadily carry out their peacekeeping mission in kosovo to maintain peace and freedom of all ethnic communities in the yugoslav province .
cairo , march 8 ( xinhua ) the port authorities of alexandria have ordered a danish ship to leave the harbor and the egypt 's territorial waters immediately because there is alleged chemical waste among its cargos , the official middle east news agency mena reported today .
guangzhou , december 16 ( xinhua ) xie fei , member of the political bureau of the chinese communist party ( cpc ) central committee and secretary of cpc guangzhou municipal committee , met here this evening with a delegation from the communist party of cuba .
according to sarajevo radio , the executive committee of the ruling muslim party stressed that a presidential role for izetbegovic in the confederation will meet the interests of the muslims both politically and morally .
merrill lynch 's newsletter weekly economic & financial commentary published today noted that in the third quarter , real spending on information equipment jumped at a 29 percent rate and was up 21 percent from a year earlier meanwhile , spending on industrial equipment was up at a more modest 5 6 percent rate in the third quarter but remained 10 percent above the year earlier level .
german cabinet adopts financial budget for next year .
the national flag and the national emblem symbolize china 's resumption of sovereignty over hong kong , and the bill provides that main government buildings in the hksar must display the national flag , the national emblem , or both , law said .
february 6 gabon holds presidential elections .
it is an important part of government work to popularize the basic law however , the coordination with social groups should also be emphasized if the work is to be more efficient , said ho , who also acts as honorary president of the association .
he recalled that the industrialized countries have promised to set aside 0 7 percent of their gross national product ( gnp ) to assist developing countries to date , only 0 3 percent of their gnp has been forthcoming with the exception of france which has donated 0 6 percent of its gnp .
asean and efta saw a significant increase in trade by 24 7 percent from 1994 to 1995 , with a total value standing at over five billion u s dollars in 1995 .
united nations special envoy for mozambique aldo ajello told a press conference after the law was passed that the document passed by the parliament today is the most important one since the beginning of the mozambican peace process and it will greatly promote peace and democracy process in the country .
he expressed thanks for china 's stance in safeguarding the rights and interests of developing countries in multilateral fields .
moscow , december 2 ( xinhua ) russia 's central electoral committee agreed today that the opposition communist party and the democratic party have the right to run candidates for parliamentary deputies despite a call to stop them .
china adopted its development course according to its own national conditions and did not blindly follow others , he said .
italy favors dialogue on human rights : official .
beijing , january 20 ( xinhua ) a senior chinese official said here tonight that the routine press conferences of the information office of the state council will be held more frequently this year , in a bid to help overseas correspondents stationed in beijing to report on a developing china .
his three day state visit is the first to sweden by a russian head of state since 1909 .
washington , february 25 ( xinhua ) the u s economy will continue to cruise along with steady growth , low unemployment and low inflation for at least two years , a survey of corporate economists concluded .
the nyse index closed down 11 56 points at 609 34 , the american stock exchange index fell 8 97 points to 897 17 , and the russell 2000 index of smaller companies dropped 9 47 points to 483 26 .
swiss franc 5 12 5 05 .
as for economic cooperation , insulza said that china is chile 's second largest trade partner in asia bilateral trade has constantly increased , while large investments have also been made between the two countries , he added .
he maintained that south australia is advanced in agricultural and livestock technologies , thus providing a good condition for it to carry out mutually beneficial cooperation with china .
tirana , may 2 ( xinhua ) albania has not asked to extend the mandate of the italian led eight nation security force as some foreign media have reported , a foreign ministry spokesman said today .
" while providing humanitarian protection and assistance to refugees , the elimination of the root causes of their emergence is the fundamental way for resolving refugee problems " , jin said while addressing the 46 th session of the executive committee of the high commissioner 's program tuesday morning .
bangkok , january 24 ( xinhua ) the thai government will encourage people to use less water in a three month campaign aimed at preparing the country for an expected severe drought this year .
beijing , october 18 ( xinhua ) china 's industrial growth slowed from august to september , official figures showed today .
tanjug reports said that the new cabinet was approved with a result of 42 against 24 in a voting by a total of 66 parliamentary members present at the meeting the prime minister of the old cabinet , filip vujanovic , will continuously hold the position in the new cabinet , said the report .
lagos , may 15 ( xinhua ) the nigerian government has ordered the arrest of anyone who was involved in vandalism in lagos and some other cities in the past two days .
beijing , november 29 ( xinhua ) a reception was given here today by the chinese people 's association for friendship with foreign countries ( cpaffc ) , marking this year 's celebration of the day of solidarity with the palestinian people .
in response to a question concerning cambodia 's strong displeasure over the pressure and interference imposed by some international forces on the trial issue , zhang said that the trial is the internal affairs of cambodia , and the international community " should respect the state sovereignty and judicial independence of cambodia , instead of imposing the will of an individual country on the cambodia government and people " .
according to the chinese embassy in the philippines , philippine presidential assistant on special concerns , norberto gonzales , told the chinese ambassador wang chungui earlier today that zhang was released because of an all out effort and mediation .
the chinese guest discussed with evans the issues in which he was interested , such as reforms in china 's state owned enterprises .
paris , march 1 ( xinhua ) france today condemned japanese whaling in an antarctic sanctuary established by the international whaling commission ( iwc ) in may 1994 .
the two presidents agreed that further development of a comprehensive relationship between the two countries , especially their economic cooperation , conforms with the common interest of the two peoples , the tanjug news agency reported .
in another analysis , 29 2 percent of the debts was owed by government departments , 42 6 percent by financial institutions , 11 percent by domestic enterprises , 15 5 percent by foreign funded firms and 1 7 percent by leasing companies .
beijing , october 20 ( xinhua ) kenneth brody , president of the export import bank of the united states , pledged today that his bank will " be working very hard " to meet the needs of u s exporters and promote u s exports to china .
today 's launch was the 54 th flight of the long march family of rockets .
the report issued by the bank bancomext said mexico 's import will also increase by 20 percent to dramatically cut back its trade surplus .
as many as 1,200 children , more than half of whom have been studying in run down houses , will benefit from the program .
beijing , may 15 ( xinhua ) china 's newly published lawyers ' law has spurred the development of the lawyer profession since it was adopted one year ago , according to minister of justice xiao yang .
they made the remarks while receiving separately a chinese government delegation headed by liu jibin , minister of commission of science , technology and industry for national defense .
the chinese vice premier wrapped up his two day visit to tehran and left here this afternoon .
beijing , october 25 ( xinhua ) chinese vice premier li lanqing met here thursday with a group of delegates coming from some european and american countries to attend a seminar on china 's accession to the world trade organization ( wto ) and the work of trade unions .
beijing , june 8 ( xinhua ) li ruihuan , chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) , met today with khin nyunt , the first secretary of myanmar 's state peace and development council .
10 killed in boat sinking in s philippines .
the gas field , called orm en lange , lies under 1,000 meter deep waters in the central part of the norwegian sea the norwegian government and several oil tapping companies will jointly extract the gas .
liu , a man of medium height , is affable his wife , who was his middle school and university classmate , is now a section chief of a trade department they have two daughters , who were born in tibet and are now both university graduates .
caracas , november 14 ( xinhua ) chinese premier li peng today expressed the hope that the latin american economic system ( sela ) as a regional economic organization will play a greater role in promoting the economic ties between china and latin america .
apec trade ministers support china 's early entrance into wto .
however , he said , some people who are used to cold war ways of thinking are taking advantage of or even manipulating mass media under the pretense of " freedom of information " in violation of the principles of the u n charter they spare no money in establishing the so called " freedom radio " to " peddle everywhere cliches of a cold war smell " .
new us 50 dollar bills to circulate next month .
beijing , may 22 ( xinhua ) china has already issued exequaturs to the heads of consulates of some countries that will maintain their consulate representation in hong kong after july 1 .
the south american common market ( mercosur ) holds first theatre festival in asuncion , paraguay .
anwar , who visited jiangsu in 1994 , said malaysia would continue to pay attention to its economic cooperation with jiangsu province , and expressed his hope to visit jiangsu again .
it was announced that a trade mission of leading businessmen from the uk water industry will accompany prescott to china .
qian made the remarks in a report delivered at a meeting jointly held by the propaganda department of the central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) , the work committee of the departments of cpc central committee and other departments here today .
silva arrived here on august 8 for a four day official visit to mozambique his visit is aimed at further promoting cooperation in agriculture and fisheries between the two countries .
swiss franc 5 125 5 12 .
the two leaders told reporters after signing a joint statement in the kremlin this morning that the committee is aimed at promoting mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples to ensure a long term , good neighborly relationship of the two countries .
six trade fairs have so far been held alternatively in lhasa , capital of china 's tibet , and kathmandu , capital of nepal the trade fairs helped promote bilateral trade and economic relations .
during group discussions on the draft trade union law today , many deputies pointed out that there are indeed some enterprises which do not pay enough attention to the legitimate rights and interests of their workers and do not even respect them .
hke chinese , sudanese foreign ministers hold talks .
a 14 member delegation from the mainland came here may 16 for a week long visit to solicite opinions and suggestions on the draft basic law .
china opposes international terrorism : u n delegate .
in a message sent upon departure to tan soo khoon , speaker of singapore 's parliament , qiao said he was impressed by the economic success and the beautiful scenery of singapore .
belgrade , january 21 ( xinhua ) the three parties of bosnia have failed to reach agreement on the issues of setting up an integrated central bank and using the same currency in the country , said a senior bank official in sarajevo on tuesday .
out of 224 representatives of the house of nationality , 168 will be elected by the 14 regions and states with equal numbers while 56 will be designated by the commander in chief of the defence services .
seoul , december 17 ( xinhua ) a passenger train today collided with a truck in south korea , causing one death and the de railment of three carriages .
paris , october 25 ( xinhua ) french foreign minister herve de charette said today that his country is worried about the possibility of a " false peace " in bosnia , which may lead to the disintegration of this former yugoslav republic .
the technical issues of the project will be tackled by japanese technicians the step up of speed of express trains is part of japan 's projects of rebuilding bulgaria 's railways by the year 2020 .
lima , december 14 ( xinhua ) trade volume among the five nation andean group in latin america jumped 42 percent this year over the same january september period last year , said a report reaching here today .
bonn , february 26 ( xinhua ) high ranking financial officials from the united states and japan today agreed to make joint efforts to boost the world economy .
" i am optimistic about the prospect of the resumption of china 's status as a contracting party to gatt , " li said at a press conference , which was organized by the press center of the ongoing national congress of the chinese communist party .
50 th anniversary of peaceful liberation of tibet marked in wellington .
it was reported that president mitterrand indicated at the meeting that france will support germany 's proposal on establishing a european police force and on jointly fighting against crimes but official decisions will be made in the first half of 1995 when france takes over the eu presidency .
macedonia has been at odds with greece since its independence in 1991 in 1995 , the two countries hammered out a provisional agreement to improve their relations since then they have been holding talks to settle the dispute over the national name of macedonia .
damascus , march 11 ( xinhua ) syrian vice president mohamed zuhair masharqa today reiterated that syria will wage further struggle and maintain its efforts for the establishment of peace that can regain the occupied lands of the arab people and restore their dignity .
hke president of republic of korea arrives in shanghai .
three palestinian israeli sub commissions , set up to deal with matters of trade and labor service , taxation as well as finance and banking , will hold their talks " in the greatest discretion " until next monday .
only about 10 people cast their votes during one hour from 7 @:@ 30 to 8 @:@ 30 in the morning at one polling booth in islamabad , eyewitnesses said .
myanmar to realize considerable economic growth rate in 1992 @/@ 93 fiscal year .
all chinese compatriots in hong kong , whether they possess british dependent territories citizen passports , or british national ( overseas ) passports or not , are chinese citizens .
weekly forecast for major world events .
february 22 25 hungarian president goncz arpad visits new zealand .
since its independence in 1993 , the government has issued bonds for several times in 1996 and 1997 , it issued bonds worth 53 7 billion koruny ( 1 7 billion dollars ) and 61 5 billion koruny ( 1 9 billion dollars ) , respectively the amount has hit 66 9 billion koruny ( 2 1 billion dollars ) in the first three months of this year .
it is reported that france and germany have asked all members of the west european union to join the joint forces , which were established last october as a first step towards a joint european forces .
however , over recent years , the annual investment in the czech republic has obviously declined , to 1 4 billion u s dollars in 1996 and 1 3 billion u s dollars in 1997 separately , roughly half of the size in 1995 .
chinese premier meets uzbekistan foreign minister .
lampreia said the joint decision on the establishment of the strategic partnership in 1993 constitutes a landmark in the history of bilateral relations the brazilian government attaches great importance to its relations with china , considers it a priority , and hopes to further accelerate friendly cooperation in various sectors , he added .
london , october 20 ( xinhua ) british prime minister john major today announced that britain will provide a further 15 million pounds ( 24 million dollars ) of aid for former yugoslavia .
talking about the localization of laws in macao , wang said that the localization of civil law , civil procedure law and commercial law is well under way and is expected to be completed this year and consultations on some other laws can be conducted next year .
" we are paying close attention to the anti china forces in japan who have actively plotted to invite lee teng hui to visit japan , " sun said in response to a question concerning japanese right wing scholar nakajima mineo 's plan to invite lee to attend a forum in japan .
the survey also publishes a lists of famous brands for tv sets , refrigerators and washing machines and predicts that in the coming three years , refrigerators with more doors and larger capacity will be welcome on the market .
auckland , new zealand , november 6 ( xinhua ) qiao shi , chairman of the standing committee of the chinese national people 's congress , left here for sydney , australia , this afternoon after ending a five day visit to new zealand .
statistics indicate that beijing is to build six more large scale projects for sewage treatment in the following five years , making it possible to deal with 90 percent of the city 's wastewater so far , only 49 percent of wastewater is handled .
juppe said his country will do its utmost to strictly control nuclear materials .
van basten , who can exercise gently , will be examined again in a month , the spokeswoan added .
wuhan , feburary 17 ( xinhua ) china 's first computer club has opened in wuhan , capital of central china 's hubei province , to provide the latest information and spread training programs .
midfielder rijkaard , 31 , explained that he can no longer stay in the national side since he will not be available to play any of the qualifiers for the 1996 european championship .
beijing , october 6 ( xinhua ) chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan returned to beijing this afternoon after attending the 53 rd session of the united nations general assembly and paying an official visit to the united states and canada .
there are only about 1,000 giant pandas , both in captivity and in the wild , remaining in the world , 80 percent of which live in the mountains around the sichuan basin .
rafael buenaventua , governor of the central bank , said the short term debt was fully covered by the country 's gross international reserves ( gir ) which stood at about 15 billion dollars at the end of 1999 .
the premier also exchanged views with the guests on sino u s cooperation in securities , finance , and investment .
kiev , february 17 ( xinhua ) ukraine 's parliament on thursday approved the long delayed state budget for fiscal 2000 , after the country was run without a budget for more than two months .
chinese , singapore sign mou on consultations .
yangon , march 20 ( xinhua ) a chinese company , china national complete plant import and export yunnan corporation , and the state run myanmar railways signed a contract here today on purchase of china 's locomotives and equipment .
sixty persons were killed by wild elephants last year , the forest officer said .
china not to collect stock transfer taxes this year .
sino british experts continue talks on hk files .
welcoming the chinese president , speaker of the house of representatives soichiro ito said he hoped that jiang 's visit will further promote the sino japanese friendship .
premier li peng expressed his thanks and mentioned the happy memories he has of his visit to pakistan in 1989 , and wished the pakistani government greater success in leading the people of pakistan in building their own country .
japan not to send swimmers to asian championships .
rome , march 15 ( xinhua ) italy 's foreign trade surplus jumped to a record high of 44,365 billion lira ( 27 73 billion u s dollars ) in 1995 , a 24 4 percent increase over the 35,664 billion lira ( 22 29 billion dollars ) in 1994 .
the european union is reportedly planning to slaughter some 1 5 million cows in its member countries as a preemptive measure to curb the spread of the mad cow disease , which is fatal and damages the nerve system of both animals and human beings .
diary of party congress delegates ( oct 14 ) .
chinese new lunar year , the year of the pig , will begin at the end of january .
the sharp increase mainly resulted from a tremendous influx of foreign investment and short term capital into the country 's financial market after the country separated from slovakia in 1993 .
bonn , january 11 ( xinhua ) german exports to asia rose to 55 billion marks ( about 39 billion u s dollars ) in 1995 and the trend is expected to continue this year .
china has only issued three sets of stamps attached to donations since the founding of the people 's republic of china in 1949 the others went to social welfare efforts for children and the disabled .
during the visit , chinese president jiang zemin and premier li peng had held separate talks with the estonian president on the current state and the prospects of bilateral relations and other issues of common interest .
manila , november 21 ( xinhua ) chinese foreign trade and economic cooperation minister wu yi held talks here today with acting u s trade representative charlene barshefsky on a wide range of issues , including china 's entry into the world trade organization ( wto ) .
huang said during the chat that china and nz , though having different social systems , understand and respect each other this provides an important guarantee for a smooth development of their relations based on equality , mutual benefit and long term stability .
washington , june 17 ( xinhua ) the u s 1,802 savings and loan associations earned 1 76 billion dollars in the first quarter of the year , the office of thrift supervision ( ots ) reported today .
beijing , november 3 ( xinhua ) chinese premier li peng met here today with outgoing and new ambassadors to china from six countries .
the new zealand head of state said jiang 's visit will deepen the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples and promote relations between the two countries .
the new joint venture is designed to produce at least 360 million battery units within two or three years after it goes into operation in early 1996 about 60 percent of the products will be sold overseas .
colombo , april 11 ( xinhua ) the sri lankan armed forces will impose a four day ceasefire to mark the occasion of traditional sinhala and tamil new year on friday and saturday , the defense ministry said in a statement wednesday .
it welcomes china 's entry into the world trade organization , believing that it can help swedish enterprises to expand their operations in china .
he stressed that switzerland would have no military cooperation against its neutrality with other nato peace partners but switzerland was ready to play a role in sectors like the reinforcement of the formation of nato officers and diplomats , the democratic monitoring of the armed forces , and the provision of humanitarian aid and logistic supplies , he said .
wuhan , february 20 ( xinhua ) a host of scientists and technical personnel in central china 's hubei province have quit their jobs in state institutions and run their own businesses , a practice known in the modernistic phrase in china as " xia hai " .
washington , july 14 ( xinhua ) arthur ashe stadium , the new center court at the us open tennis championships , will be dedicated in a ceremony after the first night match in new york on august 25 .
the nam is the oldest and largest broad based industrial trade association , which consists of 14,000 member companies and subsidiaries they produce about 85 percent of u s manufactured goods .
speaking on the occasion , the ambassador said that the peaceful solution of the hong kong issue by the chinese and british governments had provided an example to solve international problems left over by history this was a major contribution to the world peace and cooperation , he added .
leaders of cbss adhere to regional cooperation .
the new government is expected to comprise all five partners in banharn silpa archa 's outgoing coalition government , which will command a slim and shaky majority of 204 seats , only seven seats more than the minimum 197 seats , or half of the lower house .
in a letter responding to the 20 award winning farmers , jiang praised them as " examples for young farmers and other young people in the whole country " , saying they have made outstanding achievements in invigorating china 's agriculture and rural economy .
qian introduced to the forum china 's domestic and foreign policies in the 21 st century .
she said that a deep traditional friendship between the chinese and african people was established by leaders of the two sides , and pointed to the fact that many african countries have offered invaluable support for and had cooperation with china in human rights , taiwan and other issues .
chinese , nepalese military leaders confer in beijing .
paris , may 16 ( xinhua ) outgoing french president francois mitterrand tuesday extended his gratitude to the french people for their support in his 14 year rule of the country .
inge said that relations between the two countries and their armed forces have kept improving he also briefed fu on the reform and construction of britain 's armed forces .
expressing his appreciation for diez 's efforts to further sino chilean friendship , qiao said that he hopes the president 's visit will push friendship between the two parliaments to a new level .
helsinki , december 17 ( xinhua ) unemployment in finland was at a record height of 420,000 at the end of november , according to figures issued by the labour ministry today .
luanda , november 16 ( xinhua ) the headquarters of the general staff of the angolan armed forces announced here today that truce will be put into effect nationwide from 20 @:@ 00 ( local time ) today to 0 @:@ 00 on november 22 .
pound sterling 14 79 14 02 .
new york , october 23 ( xinhua ) chinese president jiang zemin met here today with french president jacques chirac and the two leaders agreed to make concerted efforts for the advancement of the friendly and cooperative ties between the two countries .
he described the oil field in northwest china 's tarim basin as one with great potential , and he extended a welcome to foreign oil companies to join in its development .
in shenzhen , the market fluctuated at a very narrow margin and closed at 222 points again .
the 27 rwandan entrepreneurs who are accompanying kagame on the visit exchanged views with chinese business people at the seminar on cooperation in agriculture , banking , information and construction industries .
the minister said he will meet his german counterparts in the near future to discuss bilateral cooperation in cracking down on such crimes .
sofia , february 1 ( xinhua ) the people 's bank of bulgaria is to increase the bank 's annual base rates from 34 percent to 42 percent from february 5 to protect the currency lev .
chi haotian , vice chairman of the central military commission , state councillor and defense minister , was present at the meeting .
the delegation laid wreath to the bronze statue of kim il sung , ex chairman of the dprk after they entered the capital .
he said the tanzanian leaders and government highly appreciate china 's settlement of the air collision incident with the u s recently and support china 's position .
during the meeting , arsenis briefed the chinese guests on the establishment of the greek armed forces , greece 's defense policy as well as greece 's views and assessment of the regional situation the greek minister invited chi haotian to pay an official visit to greece .
johannesburg , may 11 ( xinhua ) african national congress ( anc ) president nelson mandela today called on the south african government to act against threat from the rightwing in the country .
prior to the signing ceremony , shi and hamady , who is here as guest of shi , held friendly talks on further promoting bilateral trade relations .
moscow , july 19 ( xinhua ) the 21 st moscow international film festival opened here monday with the participation of some 2,000 producers , directors , actors and other entertainment personages .
zou said that participation in the talks reflects foreign businessmen 's interest in china 's development and willingness to enhance cooperation with china on the basis of equality and mutual benefit .
the epa expressed the hope that corporate capital spending and private consumption , the two engines of recovery , would increase in the first half of the fiscal year , which starts next april .
during the talks , the freedom aliance refused to make any commitments before its demands are met .
zou welcomed edelmann 's china visit to discuss the possibility of further cooperation .
the u n conference on trade and development ( unctad ) said in a press statement in the namibia 's capital windhoek that least developed countries ' 1996 report showed there had been marked improvement in the economic growth of the world ldcs , reported the south african press association .
lisbon , may 15 ( xinhua ) the council of ministers of the western european union ( weu ) decided here today to strengthen the weu 's military capability .
kunming , june 10 ( xinhua ) moldova president petru lucinschi left this capital city of southwest china 's yunnan province this evening for shenzhen , a special economic zone in south china 's guangdong province , to continue his 6 day visit to china .
kokoshin arrived here this morning for a six day official goodwill visit to china as chi 's guest .
on tuesday , defending champion russia will face sweden in the championship final , while yugoslavia will play spain for third place .
this also applied to flights to london and frankfurt whose passengers were being put on other carriers .
chinese , south african communist party leaders meets .
marin spoke highly of china 's economic achievements in recent years and noted that mexico and china can have better cooperation .
bonn , august 1 ( xinhua ) a german meteorologist said today the high temperatures that some european countries have been experiencing over the past month are not a sign of any change in the climate .
washington , january 3 ( xinhua ) united states president bill clinton said saturday that he would ask the congress to increase the number of overseas peace corps by more than a third by the year 2000 .
cna managers said that all the planes , with 185 seats and a range of 5,000 kilometers , will be delivered within five years beginning from the end of this year they will be used in regional and domestic lines .
stockholm , april 6 ( xinhua ) the european union ( eu ) and russia friday agreed on a series of joint steps in combating increasingly rampant cross border crimes , said swedish justice minister thomas bodstrom after meeting with his russian counterpart jurij tjajka and russian interior minister boris gryzlov .
rok is interested in china 's strategy to develop its west , lee said an investment study mission made up of rok officials and businesspeople will visit china 's western region in may to explore potential fields of cooperation there , he stated .
johannesburg , april 1 ( xinhua ) tough measures to control water usage , which tighten up on the consumption of households and local authorities , are set to become law within months , local daily " the star " reported today .
in recent years , with the joint efforts from the two countries , bilateral trade and economic relations have made rapid development , and it is in the long term interest of the two countries to enhance their trade and economic cooperation , the ministers said .
france , the biggest beef exporter in the european union ( eu ) , raises 20 66 million heads with annual exports amounting to 1 66 million tons even before the scare of " mad cow " disease surfaced , the price of french beef had plunged by 15 percent as sales shrank over the past two years .
london , june 28 ( xinhua ) british prime minister john major announced today the government plans to mark the 50 th anniversary of the end of world war two and victory over japanese militarism ( vj day ) .
afforestation project to be launched in north china .
mexico city , december 13 ( xinhua ) the powerful popocatepetl volcano , located 75 kilometers southeast of the capital , has erupted more than 200 times since monday afternoon on one occasion the volcano spewed a column of ash five kilometers into the air , authorities said wednesday .
beijing , march 29 ( xinhua ) chinese premier li peng met with two out going and six newly appointed foreign ambassadors to china here this afternoon .
chinese vice premier ends visit to ukraine .
u s dollar 7 73 7 73 .
the documents include the contract for a radar control system of air communications with japanese loans valued at 6 2 billion japanese yen ( about 63 million u s dollars ) the contract for a 60,000 ton acrylic fibers projects in northeast china 's jilin province valued at 48 million u s dollars and a letter of intent on cooperation in funds , personnel training , consultations , project engineering .
the development of relations by china with one cis country is not directed against another one , the chinese foreign minister noted .
the chinese premier added that china has contributed its share to peaceful settlement of international disputes , promotion of international cooperation and maintenance of regional and world peace ( more ) 27 @/@ 06 @/@ 94 09 @:@ 39 gmt nnnn .
this visit will be of significance to the promotion of the educational exchanges between china and its neighboring countries and to the deepening of the mutual understanding and friendship between their educationists .
thai princess meets with chinese vice premier .
this was made known in a work report of the seventh npc standing committee delivered by peng chong , vice chairman and secretary general of the seventh npc standing committee , at the third full meeting of the first session of the eighth npc .
nigeria is the second leg of the delegation 's three african nation tour , which will also take them to cameroon they have visited cote d'ivoire .
johannesburg , december 3 ( xinhua ) prize money totalling 21 37 million rand ( 4 4 million u s dollars ) will be offered for grabs at the 1998 world cup in athletics in johannesburg next september , accroding to the organising committee on wednesday .
greece is the 13 th european union ( eu ) country to normalize relations with the dprk .
eu china civil aviation cooperation project progresses smoothly .
the report said the outbreak might have been caused by unsanitary conditions and contaminated water in the affected villages where the residents rely on shallow wells .
yangon , june 7 ( xinhua ) myanmar state law and order restoration council today promulgated a new law banning all activities which may disturb the peace and stability in the country , the state run radio myanmar reported tonight .
albanian prime minister resigns .
shanghai , december 24 ( xinhua ) the property insurance company of the people 's insurance company of china ( picc ) will provide property insurance to the shanghai baoshan iron and steel group for the next 14 years in a row , according to an agreement signed here today .
the chinese cultural delegation arrived at windhoek on july 20 and will stay in namibia for seven days .
sofia , november 10 ( xinhua ) twenty two out of the 139 aids patients in bulgaria had died by the end of september , according to the bulgarian ministry of public health .
his love for folk songs prompted him to learn creative writing through self study as he grew up he has authored many refreshing poems , which were included in collections : " songs from the heart " ( in chinese ) , " joys of tianshan mountains " and " three loves for the motherland " ( last two in uygur language ) .
singapore , february 19 ( xinhua ) singapore 's industrial output for december 1996 declined 0 3 percent compared with a year ago , because of the slowdown in the electronics and electronics related industries , the economic development board ( edb ) said today .
beijing , october 8 ( xinhua ) chinese president jiang zemin said that china and the united states share wide ranging and important common interests , and china is ready to work alongside the u s to develop constructive cooperative relations which will benefit both countries .
during his stay in the country , he had discussion with his myanmar counterpart on issues relating to the strengthening of bilateral friendly relationship and mutual cooperation in the politics , economics , culture , social and so on .
kohl calls for germans to work harder .
africa looking forward to president jiang 's visit : envoys .
united nations , january 22 ( xinhua ) it is the time for the united nations to close iraq 's nuclear file , chinese ambassador to the united nations qin huasun stressed here today .
washington , december 17 ( xinhua ) u s secretary of state warren christopher said today that the u s is satisfied with the recent positive progress of the sino u s relations , which had experienced a difficult period in the past .
greece vetoed a proposal to provide 35 million ecu ( about 43 3 million u s dollars ) to albania made at a ministerial meeting of the eu held in germany september 10 11 it is the second time the proposal has been shelved .
the two countries affirmed their firm opposition to terrorism , regardless of its form , cause and objective the two sides will further cooperate in combating terrorism , and join efforts in cracking down on organized crimes , smuggling and other cross border criminal activities .
nearly 100 experts and scholars from the study centers of apec members will attend the two day meeting focused on a theme " apec : heading towards a new century and bright future " .
a spokesman for the commission told a press conference in lilongwe that votes for a multi party state totalled 1,993,996 against 1,088,473 for continuation of one party rule in the referendum held on june 14 .
beijing , june 4 ( xinhua ) china said in a white paper today that its environment has basically steered clear of deterioration with the fact that its gross national product ( gnp ) has been growing by around 10 percent annually over the past 18 years of reforms and opening up .
mitterrand has claimed that he , as commander in chief of the french armed forces , would not ask the country to resume nuclear testing within his term as president , which expires in 1995 .
during its stay in portugal , the delegation informed portuguese officials of the development in guangdong and the zhuhai economic zone .
the statement issued by the office of the emergency regional rule said that the security forces killed the 27 rebels in the operations in incebel mountains near beytussebap town of sirnak province bordering northern iraq however , it failed to disclose when the pkk rebels were killed in the region .
in a swift reaction , ecomog field commander , ishaya bakut of nigeria , said that his force has not waged war on liberians , or prepared for war , but remained committed to helping liberians achieve peace .
he said that the chinese government has always attached importance to the preservation and development of its relations with france .
the total length of the bridge is 2,938 meters and the length of the main span is 1,844 4 meters , 200 meters longer than that of the nanjing yangtze river bridge in china .
initiated by the bulgarian green party , the meeting was attended by green parties and environmental protection organizations from countries including albania , greece , macedonia and romania .
both parties expressed the intention of " most trustful cooperation " in various fields despite differences on the issue of bosnia 's future re construction , for which the two countries would jointly make economic and social plans .
beijing , may 6 ( xinhua ) hu jintao , a standing committee member of the political bureau of the chinese communist party ( cpc ) central committee , met here this morning with henri konan bedie , president of cote d'ivoire and chairman of the democratic party of cote d'ivoire .
players : four year scale , or three year scale with right of first refusal ( right to keep any player in fifth year by offering maximum salary ) .
" they say there is insufficient numbers of female athletes , " said ed harrison , spokesperson for the disabled sports usa .
poland , germany , denmark start naval exercise in baltic sea .
beijing , february 20 ( xinhua ) the china construction bank ( ccb ) announced tuesday that by january 31 , the outstanding deposits of the bank reached 934 7 billion yuan , with an increase of 47 2 billion yuan within the month , setting a record for january deposits in the bank 's history .
beijing , march 11 ( xinhua ) a guild will be set up in china 's nonferrous industry to take up the administrative affairs of the industry while the original china national nonferrous metals industry corporation will become a holding company to manage the state assets of all the enterprises in the industry .
beijing , september 10 ( xinhua ) china is glad to see the recent positive improvement in sino u s ties after some ups and downs , president jiang zemin said monday in a meeting with u s treasury secretary paul o'neill .
in addition to producing for the domestic market , breweries export beer to slovakia , poland , germany , austria and the united states beer has now become a pillar export industry in terms of foreign exchange earnings .
caracas , november 13 ( xinhua ) china and venezuela today signed four agreements on cooperation in petroleum development and consular affairs .
new delhi , august 13 ( xinhua ) india friday decided to offer release of 8 pakistani soldiers who were taken prisoners of war during the recent kashmir conflict .
this is president masire 's first visit to zambia since the present chiluba government came into power last november .
dini described bilateral ties as sound , both in political and economic fields , expressing the hope of further increasing exchanges and co operation in various spheres .
in 1994 , u s arms transfer were over 12 billion dollars , significantly larger than the next nearest competitor , it noted .
results of european soccer champions ' league .
eu , china to strengthen ties .
athens , march 1 ( xinhua ) greece foreign ministry lodged a demarche today with the turkish embassy over an incident involving violation of greek territorial waters off the small islet of imia .
gligorov , who will serve a new five year term , told a parliamentary session today that macedonia will accelerate its political and economic reforms and stick to a correct way of handling inter ethnic relations .
more new businesses register in thailand .
colombo , april 7 ( xinhua ) sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga today met ma qizhi , head of delegation of the communist party of china ( cpc ) and member of the cpc central committee , and had talks with him on bilateral relations .
jerusalem , july 17 ( xinhua ) israeli president moshe katsav sent a telegram on tuesday to chinese president jiang zemin , congratulating beijing , china for successful biding of the 2008 olympic games .
beijing , september 14 ( xinhua ) the presidium of the 15 th national congress of the communist party of china ( cpc ) held its second meeting in the great hall of the people here this afternoon .
bilateral trade between china and south africa was worth nearly 1 6 billion us dollars last year , he said , and that it is likely to increase with joint efforts .
polish president aleksander kwasniewski and premier jerzy buzek attended the gathering along with the auschwitz survivors and the representatives of its liberator , the soviet army .
wan baorui , vice minister of agriculture , also emphasized the importance of water saving and increasing investment in water conservancy as well as control of water pollution .
china 's textile , crafts exhibition opens in poland .
wen arrived here wednesday on a four day official visit after attending the u n general assembly 's special session on social development .
chen expressed the hope that their economic cooperation will yield tangible results and agreements will be reached on a number of projects .
china congratulates africans on un chief election .
